I mean that you have to really be her friend.
are you asking a rhetorical question here?
men pretend to love to have sex, women pretend to like sex to get love.
I don't mean to be mean here.
average 45% at first but then once you get to know the person maybe 15%
because some women send subtle messages to men instead of being clear.
buy coffee and talk and go from there!
and i hate it when my dad is unhappy.
ask him if you should go see a doctor.
you can post more questions on yahoo answer
he probably has a lot to worry about right now other than you.
But I don't think he'll cheat or leave you because you didn't have sex.
Will I always feel that way?
but he might like all the waiting, dreaming and flirting.
and i want to try again.
ome men shave, it depends on the woman.
well if you really like this guy then smile and talk nice to him.
I don't know if he loves you, but he definitely likes you.
i would ask you out but i live in oregon and im totally uniform as to where you live.
Girls are complicated like that.
I know I'm too picky about people, how can I stop this?
That does sound kinda girly though.
ometimes if the good far out weighs the bad then the difficulties are worth it.
thats if both of you agree to do this.
One girl (who probably wouldn't be mentioned) said she didn't believe in it.
Well, why do you like the one boy who picks on you?
Plus, guys sometimes think they don't need you that bad until you're gone.
Alas, if a guy asks you out, don't be afraid to say no.
do i want to be in love?
thats what i called it for what reason though?
if you look at them creepy, they'll think you're leering.
i think your right it is confusing
how do i get my man to show me that he loves me?
thats if you really love them.
Don't sell yourself even if he's rich.
You sound like a very lovely person, so don't let these women make you feel bad.
i dont know but i know of another webpage that i go to.
eriously, think about how many over confident women there are out there.
without a girlfriend, that might seem a little slutty.
he asked me if i would like to use his chapstick.
you can say it but only if you mean it and hold her hands and look into her eyes.
you should never let a guy beat you up.
hell no he is too fat and i am too old.
If he says yes, then you can tell him.
what was the mistake you made?
King has a song about this called Only Your Mother Loves You
why are we in a relationship if he/she treats us like crap after we fall in love?
if you have experienced it what was it like?
If she drinks too much, it's not a turn off.
If that's what you want.
its like getting rid of a drug habit.
Wow, I should do that next time I'm dating.
what do you want though?
it sounds like you both are comfortable with how things are now.
Don't let her rule your life, she'll just have to learn to deal with it.
If he doesn't go out with you, don't worry, there are plenty of other guys out there.
no man gave you everything you want.
If you want to stay married you need to find yourself.
tart with a simple common question and go from there.
ask them if they want to go somewhere with you.
trust him and don't bring it up again.
im still trying to work up my nerves to try that out.
find the one who loves you too.
come to me town i will be your man
tay very far away from this guy.
its your choice not to hate one, i hate them all to say the least.
i would say about 3 or 4.
I don't know, would you like to have something stuck in your ass?
he is a cheater and has been telling that to some girl.
i knew all my ex girlfriends werent the one until i met my wife.
Don't try to have both of them at once, whatever you do.
ex is not the only thing important in life!
i have a yahoo e-mail adress and thats enough for me.
for me it's fun to eat.
but he was a little busy after that.
that will just be sex.
dont go up to her and tell her she looks hot.
Sounds like you're going through a lot of stuff right now.
but you should ask a girl about it cause im a boy.
I always felt the same way but then I met my true love!
Guys are stupid, what makes them do that?
your best friend is a good choice to marry if nothing else works out.
I don't want to come up to her and say, Will you go out with me?
Unless you know him pretty well, your stinking yourself out there to get hurt.
replace it, just add it back in the same way you did the first time.
if its your personal belief in something its not good or bad.
they annoy you all day long.
go to huahua or pay someone
his/her intelligence, the way they carry themselves, good looks, and how active they are plays a big part in attraction.
I can just stop caring about him and forget about him like he meant nothing to me.
is it like a clear liquid that turns yellow when it dries?
If she sits on your best friend's lap when drunk, that's a turn off.
well if it was before his relationship with you then obviously he wasnt cheating at all.
he had a controlling personality.
Determination is one of the greatest gifts we can give ourselves.
you should get married only after you have been with a guy for at least 2 yrs.
hi and hugs to all my fellow girls at Cone!
when you are wither her just be yourself.
i have no idea what you are trying to say.
a guy asked me if i would mind cuddling with him.
why would some guys do that?
There are a few good girls out there, you just have to look in the right places.
move on or work it out with your man.
Get a grip, how could you love a person that you don't even talk to?
find a talented girl who is also pretty.
But that doesn't mean you're a sl*t.
its the only time in your life you can live out true love!
you'll have to find your own answer.
give them 2 months and they will get over you.
after a while you won't see the color.
he probably wants to know if you like him.
If she's not interested anymore in you.
You are definately not a sl*t, so don't worry.
there is no way to make a person like you.
break up and keep yourself open to other options.
have you ever had a pap smeather?
i can just say yes and say i am proud and have long black hair.
i have a friend who is in the same boat.
I don't know, maybe you're young.
Hi my name is going to remain anonymous but i have been working together with this person for years.
I don't get what you're asking, can someone please give me the answer?
if you really love him you will tell him.
if you really like her go with your heart.
think about if you can really afford it and if you want to then go for it.
Get your old life back so you can stay alive.
Dude, what you are saying is she doesn't.
Don't flirt with him, that's just not cool.
maybe some women would say it hurts a lot.
tell him what you really want, thats what they say, but don't try to make comments.
if i were mad it would be easier to do.
If they have, then you should move on too.
you are being punished so you dont get to watch tv for a month.
tell him and it would not seem psychotic because you have to know each other for awhile.
But that's her way, you could try it that way or you could just keep an eye on her.
It seems very complicated, can you please explain it again in simple terms?
give them a chance to discover all your talents.
Unless it's with the wrong guy.
my bf loves me very much and doesnt want to lose me.
it doesnt matter if they are brunette or not.
after a while it has to be played out.
everyone likes to be told they are sexy, even if they don't admit it.
i like to go dancing at clubs in downtown huston.
good luck but remember to do your homework.
i prefer natural looks, not a full face of makeup.
If you like the guy, then go for it.
we are now only just divorced.
Someone said women don't have feelings?
Actions speak louder than words.
I've been thinking about a mid-range pink, but what should it be with?
watch for if he calls or e-mails or even cares.
Never ignore her, listen to her, and don't change the subject.
he is my only source of income until i graduate from college.
If she says no, she'll tell you.
I don't think I mind either way.
Don't eat in the same place you poop.
trying to get some blonde highlights too.
dont worry about him, concentrate on your classes and your boyfriend.
B: Looks matter, and anyone who says otherwise is probably lying.
I don't think I should have done that.
foreplay is important and should last at least 5 min.
what can i get my brother-in-law for his b-day?
try to be yourself and dont be fake.
Good luck on your new adventure, I hope everything works out!
If they don't, then you have to move on.
but your first kiss should be heaven.
in a family life this is the most beautiful.
but most of all be yourself.
i know 3 guys i can do that with.
you should tell your parents you can't hide.
This is Doctor Izzy speaking, I love and adore plus-size women!
If he's flirting with her, then it's ok to jump on him.
Stick with the boys who are either 13 or 14.
tell him that you just want to be friends and that you are disappointed by his thoughtless actions.
thats good, its like getting your dad's blessing.
Unless you are really desperate wait for him to ask you out.
I really like this guy and I don't know if it's love or just an infatuation.
If he says no, then it means sex is all he wants.
I've found if I work at it, I can see a reality I don't normally see.
i would like to have some fun with you thats why i answered this stupid question.
do you feel that way?
give your brother some money and tell him to get out.
maybe he will call you back.
omething you can do is imagine your life with out him/her.
If you really want to keep company with her that much, you have to make it your top priority.
i pick the domestic goddess.
do you love her deeply?
Guys get bored before girls do.
you can also save money on flowers.
i want to go to america what would i need?
If you are not happy then you need to fix it or leave.
Just because he has potential to be a decent boyfriend doesn't mean he will be.
he might think that looks ugly but i think blue looks better
you can also make a citizen's arrest.
Just because you have a big penis doesn't mean you're good in bed.
yes it looks extremely beautiful on almost any woman.
guys have issues with secrets.
yes it depends on the guy
people had asked me why was i rushing?
both of them dont respect your feelings.
i see him every week in PSR but i cant find the courage to talk to him.
I don't find a guy attractive that acts like that all the time.
i like guys who shave their legs.
is it gay or is it just curious?
i think they do in my opinion
it's a wrong decision that can't be undone!
i lost my virginity in a park when i was 16.
they have never met in person but she says they are in love.
ask him if he wants to dance with you.
live life to the fullest and have faith.
I don't know if you fell down, but I want to have sex.
he knows you like him so just ask him out.
Don't be afraid to tell him.
I wouldn't drive for 5 hours just to hang out with someone unless I really liked her.
her friend to talk to her on the phone?
play sports with your guy friends.
when you first find love you feel elated, delighted, and joyful just thinking about that person.
I can't imagine my life without my hubby.
we seem to always push away the ones who we love.
If you both feel the same way when you are older, then go for it.
tell her women like to hear the truth best of luck
you have to decide do you want to spend the rest of your life with someone who fights all the time?
I use the term 'man' very lightly when describing you.
i personally like a and b cup.
Any girl looks hot when she's standing next to an ugly guy.
i would date someone 10 years younger, who wants to date an older woman?
it happened to me and now i am dating this person.
just be honest about your feelings for her.
how her your naked baby pictures.
why do gay people look for marriage?
we had sex on the hood of my car in the rain.
Why should men grow up if women expect them to?
you need to do this a few times to get comfortable.
while having sex is like a fantasy.
Right now, I think he's mad, upset, and not willing to be with you.
if anyone knows the answer please let me know.
red stands for love black stands for death and so on.
i like someone with some weight cuz i feel cheated with a skinny one.
If you don't know, ask someone who does.
he will try to make it up to you and it will be fun.
the one that pick on you usually likes you.
ok, i've had a crush on this girl since 9th grade.
Did you see her looking at you?
i never knew life could be so good.
OK, I'm really into this one guy and I don't know if he likes me back.
what is best for the both of you?
At least she didn't give you a fake number.
o i would say that you are not a sl*t.
But if they can't control themselves, let them get married.
he calls him all the time.
why bother if you are already doing it?
alot of times you have loved a guy but didn't know if he loved you back.
Should I break up with him because of his mom?
make a nice move and if there is no responce she is not interested.
i have friends that get married after 6 months of dating.
be real and ask them about their life and you might get a response.
how her how good you are.
you will look like a fool.
thats a culture that has things right.
If you don't ask, you'll always wonder about the answer.
let me know what you think thank
Don't worry about it too much.
whats the worst that could happen?
i am confused and i dont know what to do because i hate for the girl to be that way.
find someone who doesnt hate you.
dont be a jerk or anything.
no, most girls are just not out about it.
Some guys just don't want to dance.
this is a stupid generation.
you have one child are you married?
it depends if you used to trust him.
ugly and fat guys just take what they can get.
people choose to be husbands and wives for a reason.
If all you do is argue, then it's not worth it.
Have a good time in jail asking your cell mate that question.
are you asking if i like you?
what did you kiss on the cheek?
Girls have a curiousity about sex with other girls, myself included!
21-32 is fine and she doesn't have to be younger than you.
the concept is simple, treat them honestly and with love.
when that happens your decision will be easier to make.
just be yourself and compliment her alot, girls like that, and dont use stupid words to start a romance.
he cheated though, so i think i can lift or carry my husband.
try to make the best out of a bad situation.
are you looking for a friend or something?
i think he would make a great valentine
this is hard because there are so many temptations.
does it generally take a year to feel comfortable or bored in a relationship?
it all depends on when you are ready.
of course i would love to meet women.
it's just the way things are.
it's ok to be friends with someone online but there should be limits.
Can you imagine starting a family with him?
If he says no, then he's too low to begin with.
TO TELL THE TRUTH YOU WILL LEARN BUT YOU MUST EXPERIENCE THINGS.
Hopefully you married your husband because you love him.
well the dependence is in the women's camp, what she likes best?
i know i have someone waiting when i come home.
get away from it all and go for a massage.
i dont know where to start.
it depends, are you a hottie with an athletic form?
are you talking about your avatar?
try hanging out all day long together and then give him a foot massage.
if a guy cares about you he will call.
If you keep doing what you are doing now, she might think you are desperate.
i think there is a big difference between having sex and making love.
First of all, I have 4 kids, so I know being a homemaker is more work than my actual job.
you don't need to stay together even if you have a kid.
are you a girl from the country or the city?
getting married and having kids can be postponed, but your studies can't.
i never went to it but i have heard of it.
do you want to be with the same guy?
how often can you have sex with pamela anderson?
Just make sure you don't make her hate you.
this just hits too close to home for me, my mom has cancer too.
i love to run my fingers through curly hair.
i mean the two of you together.
just wait for the right girl to come along.
i want my wife to grow too.
he is obviously shy, maybe you should make a move.
and the doctor was surprised too.
Have fun with both of them at once, she'll probably fuck you.
where do you live i could come over and you could practice kissing me
Maybe you think it's a no, but it's a yes.
No offence but maybe because your name is freakgirl but if you show your face maybe not.
Guys don't, only little boys do.
maybe ask if they want to go out sometime soon.
it happened to me twice.
Don't go out with a guy because you feel you have to.
If you really wanted to be with him, you wouldn't be asking.
And I just pray that it never passes!
Most women are waiting for a guy to tell her how he feels.
women are more passionate during sex.
try to impress her all the time.
LEANING UP TO ME AND KISSING ME VERY SLIGHTLY ON THE HEAD.
i'm not that type of person but i know plenty of people like that.
he only cares about herself and no that should not happen on a primary outing.
ok it depends on how deeply you are starting to feel for this boy!
In advance, thanks for the pep!
why do they want to be married?
we like to be approached softly, with a little chase.
Anyway, I married my husband and wonder if you know the reason besides love.
a trip to an amusement park or a museum
i have feelings for someone and i need to know if i am in love.
do you like fake nails or manicured nails?
first, plan what you want and don't worry about what everyone else wants.
Now we do all these things together and I don't know what to do.
I don't get what you are trying to tell me.
I asked him if he still liked me and he said he does but he doesn't act like it.
I like the perfume you wear.
practice being able to unwrap starburst candies with your tongue, girls like it.
i think most guys dont care but it depends on the person.
it has nothing to do with being vulnerable or young or submissinve.
Don't get married so early in the relationship.
If you are going to cheat on your wife you are not a good person.
be the best version of yourself and if he's impressed he'll talk to you.
you don't want to be with anyone but that person.
he's getting married, stop looking for him.
did you tell her how annoying she is to you every day?
when i moved in i was asked out by my neighbor.
Most teen boys like girls who like to have sex.
he played a good game of basketball.
Don't worry, you'll get over it.
are you someone who likes arguing and fighting?
If he liked you he probably would've dumped her to be with you.
the most important thing is don't try to get back at the person that wronged you.
one man willing to move 21 hours and 14 hundred miles just to be with me.
have you seen a doctor yet?
MAYBE SHE'S NOT A SHUDDER BUT THE THIN WOMAN DEFINITELY WAS.
Get a life and don't waste my time.
It's like eating too much chocolate and then complaining that you've gained weight.
i went there and he was there.
if he is single go for it.
If you don't obey guys like this, they usually become the kind who beat their wives.
are you or are you not attracted to him?
If you're sure though, then you should tell your parents if you haven't already.
alot of people will probably turn you down.
do you think he feels the same way about you?
Some guys only say that word if they mean it.
Looks like he likes you, show him how you feel.
i think everyone should keep their own name.
friends are forever because guys come and go.
try to imagine that it was love.
i think you should be ready even if your relationship lasts 4 seasons.
OK NOW SOME MEN LIKE WOMEN LIKE THAT TYPE OF GIRL AND SOME DON'T.
If you want kids, then be a homemaker.
younger men and older women, good idea or not?
he wants to go on and on.
you need to be faithful to your husband, he is the one you swore vows to.
o there is no other way to label it 'love'.
and your self image is very important.
I say that and I'm a girl.
trust me girls can be just as perverted.
Flowers are nice even if they don't last long.
there are films that i have yet to see.
She's a very sweet girl, just the one you're looking for!
try to use your brain and not your manhood, maybe she doesnt love you.
No disrespect, but that does sound like a lady's name.
I wouldn't call him back.
No women I like in my list so I pick my neighbor's wife.
MARRIAGE IS ABOUT TRUST AND COMMUNICATION
Don't listen to anyone else's advice.
what should i do to make it with her?
give them a rose and tell them you love them
It's weird, I agree, but it's nothing bad.
you need to see what is right for you and him.
they are woman enough for a guy but they are not as sophisticated as us.
exactly, especially when she got sick.
Because...as you know...try to look for your love...but be careful!
i cant help any further without more info.
Kissing is something you can't do wrong or right.
take your time to decide.
Enjoying yourself with guy friends is ok.
just think about the things you like and give them back like a massage with your tongue.
My boyfriend was definately my friend first, so that makes it complete euphoria.
i would say its more of a trust issue.
i need someone to help me figure this out.
If he still doesn't like you, then move on.
he probably isn't interested either.
try to make it yourself whenever possible.
can you do anything else besides work and fix things?
I told her I really loved her.
It seems like all the guys in the senior class think freshman girls are sluts, which sucks.
So how do I just kiss him?
check in deleted stuff and it should be there.
Hope you find a nice girl to date.
I don't think it's a good idea, you're not there for that.
it's a very long list.
Brokeback Mountain, you'll be happy even if it's a guy.
If you don't base your relationship on sex, then it's ok.
i will probably tell her soon cuz she is my best friend but any help would be appreciated.
yes and it is a bad thing to see the wife at the wedding.
hold on and stay strong and good luck!
Um, modest get together for relatives.
If you don't like the performance part of it, then don't do it.
i am married now and i have 2 kids.
i think it all depends on age and upbringing.
once you have kids, you'll need to decide on a last name.
your child will have enough problems growing up without a father.
bald guys look like kids to me, i don't find it attractive.
give it a chance, if you break up with that person, it will be harder to be friends with them.
ask what the last game was like.
If you are dating the guy you love you need to get rid of your ex.
the best and easiest way is to fly or drive to vegas and get married.
of course let me get to know you more.
i prefer a size C or D, anything bigger is a waste.
lie and cheat and then lie some more.
they haven't done it before and the pleasure is twice as good!
My wife doesn't like to wear those brands.
we don't know what you look like.
because opposites attract and we always find a partner for life.
i think this is better than my personal life.
Don't go anywhere with your new date that you went with your ex.
talk to your best friend and see if it's ok.
it sounds wierd but it worked for me in about 3-5 days.
I don't like it when he teases you about the little things.
no because i am not married yet
A lot of guys like big girls, mostly black guys.
i like to express my feelings to women with poems, has anyone ever written one for their man?
I've told her I like her and she said she didn't want to mess up our friendship.
If you like him, then don't care, stay with him.
do they make fun of you when you are with him?
i love those people because im a guy and i dont have to invite a date to the affair.
If you feel this strongly about it, don't get married.
it really depends on how vain a person is.
move on and find someone who doesn't hate you.
Get to know her and sooner or later one of you will ask the other out.
I asked him if he was blowing me off.
maybe some vulgar young guys like the younger asian ladies.
but make sure it is your decision.
tell him you are looking to keep it casual.
is he not treating you right, you should be happy.
this is a tough one with lots of problems.
they've been pretty good years, not always the easiest.
we've seen each other everyday for about 4-5 years.
Imagine that I'm the guy you want and then date me.
It never hurts anyone to flirt a little!
you should stick with what you feel inside.
Good luck to you and your family!
Is it bad if I haven't kissed the girl I've been with for 8 months?
its up to the woman to decide.
i think they look better than many other countries.
it would be ok the day after.
ee if she is willing to go out for dinner and a movie.
Some guys just get to it and don't think of their partner.
ask the question in english i can't understand you
orry but i never felt that way.
remember no bird has ever tried to fly with one wing.
i think about this all the time.
you will never find someone if you look like you are down.
i met a girl recently and i want to know if she likes me.
dont just sit around and wait for the phone to ring.
just shut up and be whatever sexual orientation you want.
Many 22 year old women are with 27 year old guys, so the 22 year old guys feel insecure and look for younger women.
If he comes to his senses, great, if not, move on.
he may love you but he may want to disappoint his father.
you will just humiliate yourself if you apologize to him without making a mistake, dont get weak!
take action before its too late.
This girl doesn't want a man who plays games with her.
I'd like to hear from a black woman on this one.
please help me win this debate against her!
almost always (not always) those guys are guys your age or less.
when will pepole start to realize this?
I don't know what to do.
you go to a bar and drink till you get drunk.
i used to be like that with my boyfriend.
If you have to ask, then that's a NO.
dont sit there and wait untill he realises you are a good one.
Even though I'm getting divorced, I'm still stuck with this.
you will be fine, just have fun.
your girlfriend will only think you are being a jerk.
You can't fix her parents, but you can fix her friends.Why?
Personally, I wouldn't marry any girl who wouldn't give up her surname, but that's just me.
maybe you should try to get with young girls, guys are mean like that.
i went out with my ex for 3 years and he/she cheated.
you will know in time and i suggest seeing what happens for 6 months.
well the one i liked goes something like this.
Not all guys break up with their girl.
going there is great fun and there are lots of things to do.
is it ok to kiss on the first date?
i have a girl friend that i am really close with.
they lust for each other.
when he does, tell him that you want him and that it was a mistake to break up.
My friend says I'm too nice and I should tell him no.
but because there is always an exception, isn't there?
not all men but some do.
by doing so you can still keep your surname.
go up to her and say hi and ask her if she is single.
that really turned me on but i ran away.
girls who are fat can still be hot.
not all of them are going to school.
practice unwrapping starburst and tieing cherry stems with your tongue.
If you keep on talking to him for another week, he's gonna think he's married to you.
i'll pay if i can get your vote for best answer
look for somewhere in public where u will feel comfortable.
Flirt with him and see what he says.
and it eases the pressure i'm feeling to invite somebody.
ay you will go out with me.
And she doesn't forget my mistakes.
how do i approach her without her thinking i'm just another guy with bad intentions?
as a guy i might have some insight.
Don't worry, your only 13.
always go trail riding with company.
if the two of you really love each other then you will work things out.
eye contact is the key point.
i can lift him up and down.
he just has to start over and regain your trust again.
i was with my ex bf in 2nd grade 4th grade 8th grade
why would you want to ask her out?
well i hope u'll check this out really hard.
try playing truth or dare together.
wait until you find out and confirm then go from there.
thats stupid you need a theory class for that
If you do eat something like that, just quit.
I keep thinking about sex with her.
the only way you'll know is if you confront him and ask him directly.
Jamie is going to ask Rubi out.
the relationship is still going on because neither of you have the guts to break up.
it might be interesting for them to learn about that.
he dribbles, shoots, and scores 2 points.
do guys really like bigger women?
he loves you too but only time can tell what will happen
if a guy really respects you he will understand you.
we have started our own s*x.
his answer works for me :)
you can still love him but you need to move on.
a girl that is smart is a turn on.
i think its wrong that they cant go out with her.
my sister closes her eyes to get ready when she kisses someone.
i met my last bf in a roundabout.
but he is getting married this month.
Should I just let this go and move on?
are you replaying everything you did to me?
it sounds like you two are already married.
First of all, why didn't you break up with him?
give him space and he might call you back.
you should tell more people.
just take it one step at a time and think about how he lost something good.
ay hi harold when will we be going out to dinner?
If you need to ask, no.
you need to go to school but you can still come home or call your friends and family.
i wanted to never have sex again.
let him come up to you and if you initiate anything you will seem obsessed with him.
Some people don't do that because of their religion.
you should be very happy with yourself.
So no, I feel its a choice to do what feels comfortable to you.
you need to think about that and it should help you decide if he's trustworthy!
I didn't mean do you think women are sexy and beautiful?
ask if they are going to get violent.
It sounds like you sell yourself too much.
ee if the guy you like is willing to go out of his way for you.
but it's not as if you both can't love each other.
If they don't know anything about you, how would they know?
who cares what other people think?
If you could have 4 qualities in your girlfriend, what would they be?
girls like it when guys are thoughtful.
I feel silly, weird, and exuberant.
just keep it cool and try to be a little hard to get!
ee the way she walks.
he shouldnt care if you are at a dance together.
girls like confident guys.
ask her out again after a while.
make an appointment with a therapist!
i think i still love him very much.
But that's ok, I'm generous, if you know what I mean.
go ahead and get something that you cant get rid of.
you've only met guys that you like.
But I'm not telling you that you have to be celibate until then.
Don't make him dance if he doesn't want to.
I'm a guy, so I'll tell you what I know.
My girlfriend won't tell me she loves me to my face.
we don't know if she is sincere.
can you help me get to know her?
i have long black hair and both my husband and i love it.
people make their decisions fast now a days.
maybe they're trying to be something they're not?
No you won't my friend, I was married to a jerk.
you need to stay away from your guy friend.
I'm looking for a girl who wants to hang out with me.
Plus, for me at least, it's been the best thing.
I met this guy once, romance galore, we first met in the middle of a rainstorm.
if you are willing to work more you will get paid more.
I wonder if it could ever be the same after that.
it could be, you just have to choose one and know why you chose that one.
Wait another 4 years, wait another 4 years.
i am happy that i have brown hair.
If you want a gift for your hubby, I would suggest sports stuff or vehicle tools.
that is not what you can become.
the problem is that he did the worst thing he could have done by cheating on me recently.
use your imagination and picture yourself with him at night.
it hurt a lot and i started to bleed.
it could mean a lot of things.
10 years is just too long to be apart.
you need to do more then just make eye contact.
do you want all your friends to be with you forever?
i hate him because of the way he act.
i know though what i want in a relationship.
it happened mid river, while people were watching, it was hilarious!
If you're hot too, show him your boobs.
o its natural for that guy.
I get really happy when I see an advertisement for Malaysia Air on tv.
go out and try everything you couldn't do when you were in a relationship.
you can enjoy giving more than you enjoy receiving.
is it normal to still have feelings for him after 6 months?
If you start to feel it coming on, then go back to foreplay.
Guys will think you are hot no matter what, usually.
it's a challange, you know.
just ask a woman walking by they are everywhere in thailand
it is very important to last between 30 and 45 minutes.
my problem is that i really like him.
because its buy one take one
i didnt know pakistan was that conservative.
we can wrestle together and be best friends.
i rarely see him in school but i have seen him at my brothers basketball games.
you didn't give us very useful info, where do all of you live?
you need to admit why you like her.
its another way of saying they don't like you.
everyone has to break up at some point.
I worked there for awhile and met a guy who I love.
i'll probably go and see.
why would you want to wait?
Girl, there are more guys out there who like fat girls than you think.
I didn't think he'd remember, it was casual when I said it.
Girls to not guys who are self absorbed.
you just have to look.
either a cd or a dvd
you two work hard to get it right!
if she likes u she'll call u later.
I really care about you and can't stop thinking about you when we are apart.
hould i give him another chance at some point?
If it feels like your love is fading, don't ignore it.
daniel has never read a manga book.
if they really apply, try using some of these.
ame thing happened to me too.
or that she just wants to go out with other people?
pick the one you like the most.
be ready to let her go.
I sometimes tell too much about my problems too early in a relationship, and maybe I told that guy too much.
I guess it's common, but I'd just go ahead and do it.
Dump him, it would be better.
ometimes, but you have to look at your man.
you get the popcorn if he gets them first.
what does it matter if its a rebound relationship for both of you?
my gf is the most zealous person i know and i love her more for it.
one day you will find a guy who truly deserves you.
be strong and dont lose hope.
instead, how about blue and green?
Some guys do, some don't.
I want a girl who is kind and smart.
It's not as bad as it could have been, at least it's not Bella.
it's more like 65% or 70% and not 90%
what good did it do anyway?
I don't know what she wants.
My best friend hates me and wants to break up with me, but it won't happen.
we were just hanging out a little bit.
you still released a thousand at least.
all my friends want to do is kiss.
Happy B'day to you :)
ince girls think with their brain activity
compliment her, ask her name, act normal, and be smooth.
how long do you have to wait before you decide it's too much and she's not interested?
Girls don't think it's cool, they think it's men who smoke that are sick because they're killing themselves.
I'm just myself around guys I don't like, I'm sure you know the outcome.
The timing with the older guy just wasn't right, you'll see.
bring both of them out on a date.
my only sister is getting married and i want it to be perfect.
I have the worst time sleeping because my boyfriend snores!
If they don't get along, then they shouldn't be hanging out.Who cares what they think?
Don't tell her you want to be with her forever and you probably stand a better chance of that being the way it is.
tell her to only call you about important things.
i have to stop myself right now cuz i'm ready to pee!
for me i could start to forget about u after 3 days.
or is it just that you want to say that?
i agree with the other person before anyone gets hurt.
People don't like being played like a yo-yo.
i would like that done to me.
you can impress her with love and affection.
men have a penis and women have a clitoris.
by this time you should love your wife for everything the two of you have gone through.
I don't need a high maintenance woman, I want a friend.
i hate it personally, i love the straight variety.
if she likes him there is a motivation.
there is no one you can trust more than a good friend.
thats weird but maybe i dont know i will talk to my friend later next to his locker
If you're average, boobs won't really matter.
im a guy so i also have feelings.
try to contact their question and answer team they will help u with the process...have a nice day!
I like smart, nice, and captivating women.
Good, that girl answered the first question for me.
if they suggest a sexy pic, they want to have sex.
where have you been meeting these girls from the philippines?
maybe you should ask him out to lunch or a movie or something.
I haven't because I like guys who look normal.
I had someone get really bad with me because I kept dating.
i love him but i am ready to move on.
yes ask for permission watch how fast she beats you up
guys think they are special and that only certain women are good enough for them.
i want sex here and there.
i've heard this a lot of times.
it sounds like you are the alpha in the relationship.
wait for the one that will appreciate you for you.
Don't go there, it seems a little fishy.
its not about the looks, it's about the looks.
forget about him if you two are meant to be he will come back to you.
the guy i like is mad at me.
do you like asian food?
My cousin met a freak that she met online and he told her that he was a hoe.
If you have to ask, the message is that I haven't fallen in love.
Don't even listen to what anyone says, watch the way they act.
keep your personality, dont let any guy decide how you act.
i love him still what should i do?
just talk to your spouse about it.
if you bat your eyes at him there is no challenge.
Or you could just tell her and have a fairy tale romance.
you are killing the romance by asking that stupid question or have you tried to have fun as a couple?
and kissing and asking you if you can kiss.
Jules Sac is funny but he's mean too.
Do you see my man?
From my perspective, when a guy is self centered, it makes him far less appealing.
i know this cuz i am like your wife.
i dont think you are ready if you have to ask other people.
take your shirt off and yell like tarzan.
If you don't love your husband anymore, then move on and make room for another guy.
make it an honest compliment about her.
i like a guy in 6th grade too!
they feel insecure around dumb guys.
MAYBE WE CAN GO OUT AND FIND LOVE.
if she tells the admininstration i will be expelled because its pakistan not america
my friend is going out with someone online.
I like the feeling of cuddling with a big girl.
i think the bomb is much more simple!
I met ______'s (insert name) father from his side of our family.
anything that can't be easily moved.
tart a friendship first and let the relationship develop.
i was cheated on for 3 of the 3 years i was in a relationship.
attack him because he likes someone else?
Don't tell them in advance, let them find out once you are in bed together.
its not so important here in america.
BE CONFIDENT AND ALWAYS BELIEVE IN YOURSELF DON'T BE ASSOCIATED, BUT ALWAYS LOOK GOOD AND LISTEN
let it take its course.
I know because I date someone like that.
i wish i had listened to the comments from my circle
If he does something bad, dump him.
Do what ever makes you happy!
we tried to move on but it didn't work out.
if you don't feel confident enough to ask someone else might.
my twin won't talk or listen to me.
he will answer the question because most girls are polite.
you married him for a reason.
ask him if he wants to go to the movies with you.
Some women just can't seem to find guys their own age that are hot.
It didn't matter, we're just friends.
if so, get some self-defense classes.
it seemed like that to me anyway.
How drunk is this girl going to get?
take the time to get to know both equally without dating either of them.
He loves you, you know that?
join a community that has live and webcam chat.
I tell you, those were good times.
If you're a sl*t, he is too.
Caucasian women are appropriating all the men!
i would be crazy if she called me 5 times a day.
you might be the only one he can have sex with.
tell the guy that he needs to leave.
wow how old are you?
THEY THINK THEY CAN CONTROL THE LIVES OF PEOPLE WHEN THEY CAN'T.
If you like him, you would let him go.
a person i can just be myself with.
The rest is easy from here on out!
tell them i love you it will tell you everything if they wait to say it back
I just got out of a 3 year romance with the father of my baby.
Good luck in your search for your perfect match!
I still love him even though it's been a while.
he already knows you like him, has he said anything about it?
everyone has their own taste in who they find attractive.
my wife is a very forgiving woman.
what if you ask him to be casual lovers?
i like him and he says he would date me if i was single.
women can be worse then men.
he might be trying to use you.
dont do things that might hurt you.
you would be suprised to see the type of people that like him.
dont do it until you are 25, your appeal won't wane that much.
o thats the way to go if your set on that.
do guys know what they want in a relationship?
If you need your ex emotionally, you're gonna have some problems.
but if you are used to it and enjoy it a little go with it.
Remember, the vow is until death do you part!
there is nothing wrong with her asking for your phone number.
If ye, then why do I hear alot of girls saying flowers won't last?
dont be shallow and start with her looks.
If you guys are serious, then asking her that question shouldn't bother her.
i would say maui or the bahama
the problem is are you going to ask her out at work or not?
the way he asked me out was very nice.
you have set up a double standard.
I can't say the same for a wife, but I hope it helps!
your right to be disappointed and angry.
he got to his station and got off the train.
tart from the beginning and work your way to 20 years down the road.
Don't be afraid to say no.
I don't care what she says, leave it alone, she's in enough pain already.
For one thing, there goes your job if it doesn't work out.
you could try dancing at a club.
i have missed out on a great opportunity by worrying about someone else.
how can i get him to stop bugging me?
when you are 18-20 sometimes you say what you don't mean.
I wonder why he shaved his legs?
be nice, give eye contact and smile.
what does everyone else think?
this question is for the guys (A) What size woman do you prefer?
She doesn't want you to like her just for her looks.
Good luck is all I can say!
One time I told a girl I loved her and meant it.
If she says yes, then go pick them up.
If you want her to be your friend, you probably want a deeper relationship.
you will hurt your loved ones if you keep secrets.
be yourself and show some machismo, thats what women like, or at least most women like, but first of all be yourself.
Don't worry about what other people say.
any guy that says he would is probably not being entirely honest with himself.
forget him and date his brother instead.
death is like a box full of candy corn, it gives you cavities.
I wouldn't want a pair that big.
Some like to believe because of the way society tells us to, but I think we should rebel against society and like curvier women.
that only makes her easier to have sex with.
If you like him that much, call him.
because you don't have any say in it.
its your own life, make your own decisions.
as one gets older, keep getting younger and younger men to make you feel better.
BTW, I'm not the kind of girl who likes a romantic dinner at home.
I'm just doing this so I can get points.
That's a risk you're gonna have to take.
work on your relationship but don't let him lock you up at home.
Whatever you do, don't tell him too soon.
you should never date a work mate.
If going to the cinema is a great thing for you and him, do it.
it takes place after 3play and before 5play.
buy a toy just for sex that you both like.
Egotism is a guy thing, you just have to live with it.
i agree with udaman on this one.
i like him very much but i want him not to turn me down.
I'm not thinking about him but I'm having dreams with him in them.
Probably not until he finds another girl.
you need to get out there and date some new people.
Don't do anything that you'll regret later.
the best rule of internet dating is to chat on the phone and email.
yes i have done it and it was a blast
there are plenty of cheap ideas, just find what you like and work from there.
you might be done looking for the kind of guys that think the world of you.
you will find mrs. right.
if you can break wind in front of each other you know you were meant to be together.
I hope to see some of it soon!
just go up to her and start a conversation.
well i have no idea how old you are, that would help.
yes it is a bad thing.
we have no room in our society for crazy monsters like this.
did you mean seems more provocative?
is this a misleading question or what?
It's like saying, What can stop me after I've already done it?
Choose the right date and you can save a lot of money.
thats all i have to say about that.
why is it hard for guys to say the word love?
and if she loves you, your girlfriend should accept that.
he then asked me if i could come with you.
A decent amount of guys just want sex.
usually that is caused by a spasm in the back.
they should try taking our last names.
you're gonna loose your friend over a guy.
you'll know if he likes you!
i love that they like the challange.
make her a mix tape or cd.
I just want to be happy.
Don't try to have sex with him.
ometimes when i'm in a relationship with someone i get embarassed.
when you are ready it is worth the wait.
you are too precious for those people.
does this mean he likes me?
i think the guy should take the first step in a relationship.
if i could i would have kept my last name.
you need to seperate the bad thing and move on.
ask him how he is once in a while.
look out and try new things to meet people
I still have feelings for my ex and I'm mad at my cousin because my ex now likes her.
it was a good idea after all.
have fun and be happy on valentines day!
not for anything other than the looks.
they never had a chance.
but i think they both like me.
they like little girls and small women.
Don't forget to pick and vote for best answer!
i have been with my husband for 4 years and we just got married in december 2005.
navy pier and the museums are great to visit and there are a lot of great resturant/hotel
alot of times one of them will cheat on the other.
Don't worry, I don't have that many options myself.
my mom books trips at pat@alanatvl.com
it's been 6 months and i can't seem to get over him.
he needs to move to Mass.
It really doesn't matter, but I'm fine with a handful.
Some women like gifts that last a long time.
he is strong, loving, and was not as happy as she thought.
If you are interested in 6th graders, you are young.
ize, shape, looks, and other surface features shouldnt matter at all.
you mean what do they think about gay relationships?
yes kiss him and he will answer you
he gave me his cell so i could put my number in it.
If you want to have fun, check out some night clubs, restaurants, or gyms.
o i would say that they do but not often.hope this helps.
if u r in florida look me up.
ask her out on a date.
orry i dont know but good luck to both of you
hey i would like to go to your country
look for another hot girl to make her jealous.
Don't ask that question if you don't want to get upset.
he knows how much i care about him so i dont know what to do.
and lastly does he always happen to be staring?
try foreplay, it slows down the pace.
fair skinned girls tend to look paler when their hair is black.
I wasn't going to let her come in first.
never tell her she is fat.
Want to hear a bad joke?
You know it would be if you didn't play The Guilt Trip.
it seems like he is enjoying his self too much while you are gone.
yes i do think anyone would.
ome couples are never going to be that comfortable with each other.
It's pretty obvious that guys aren't much better.
I never went on a second date with him.
maybe since you are the hottest girl they have ever met.
you have found your true love and you need to be with them.
If the guy is worth it, you won't need to prove anything.
you are too young to already be talking about kissing.
Order one online and a magical stork will bring it to you!
it gets harder and harder as time goes on.
Just get on with your life and find someone else!
how old are they and how old are they?
all you have to do now is smile.
the bottom line is that you have to stop talking to him and stop thinking of him.
the girls that complain about the short existence of flowers are just unappreciative.
lol thats why im single.
the girls that are pretty or have a great personality.
I don't like girls at all.
you should not see your cousin and your boyfriend at all.
i dont remember ever giving a girl a christmas gift unless i cared for her.
who can tell if the country girls are sexier?
i met mine at a carnival.
my hubby likes my personality.
he is not a liar or anything.
If they don't, the time has come to move on.
Just decide what kind of arrangements and flowers you want.
If he says no, who else?
you are probably too good for him.
he lets me work on my trucks and watch cartoons.
lime green is more of a summer wedding color.
is there anything i can do about it?
the right relationship just happened.
Looks don't matter unless you're trying to prove something.
please be honest i can handle the truth
tart the day with a nice breakfast out, then a nice walk.
i accidentally did this before and my friend was mad that i deleted him.
Don't have sex, don't have sex.
be nice to her when you tell her.
the two of you should kiss when you are ready.
ask her (not just talk to her)
I think you're a good guy, and she probably loves you a lot.
when she calls, respond with a text message.
no it is totally unacceptable you are just wasting your health because women just hate it
find someone you like and ask them to be your valentine.
tell her that you miss and love her.
If that doesn't work, ask him again.
Some don't have it in them, but some do.
he will definately not turn you down.
nice picture of george clooney
my man wants me to change my look.
those answers are arrogant, i'm much more attractive.
poor teeth, bad breath, bad smell.
no words can make it better.
the world would be happier if men knew what women want.
you want to give another guy head?
I don't want you to get married.
yes im a guy so i dont really have to pay.
If he wants to wear my pants he just has to ask.
