i like rythm and blue music.
there is nothing he needs to change.
there is no such thing as it.
mine is the pleasure of my company by steve martin
what differentiates a mosquitoo from a blonde?
they're pretty good, and that's a good song.
i dont think beyonce can sing, dance or act, you mentioned rihanna, who is that?
I didn't know you were in law enforcement too.
i called to say i love you.
i would probably not vote for him but melania would be the hottest first lady in our country's history
I don't hate him, but I don't love him either.
youtube.com also has a lot of funny ads.
I like watching my friend try to role-play with them.
Monk, The Dukes of Hazzard, Miami Vice, and The Simpson
i want to make videos on full metal alchemist.
i would go there and kick your ass right now but i can't swim.
Yo mama so stupid she got hit by a cup and told the cops she got mugged.
you have to be creative and find something to challenge us.
i'm watching it right now.
I don't know, the guy who came up with the names had Attention Deficit Disorder.
I think, rather, that they are stupid on this matter.
Of course it's Oprah because she's been giving better advice for a while now.
that's the key point, you fell asleep.
a brunette, a blonde, and a red head walked down a street.
lol girls need to be a part of everything.
in fact chris looked like he was doing an encoure at a genesic concert.
emo was a comedian back in the day.
Moriarty and so on, but what did the Peruvian actor play?
what did the beaver say to the log?
i miss aaliyah she was a great singer
I don't think he's in love with her.
Yo mama so stupid she tried to drown a fish.
its very funny but in a sick vein.
I don't hate him but he makes me sick.
it offends all of us equally.
i love both of them, especially aaliyah, they are dead but still watching over us.
3 is a good number for a band?
Yo mama's so ugly, she can't walk.
Don't try to impress her, if she likes you, she'll go for you!
No, we just don't get it.
i agree with u on the beauty and desirability of the ladies on love hina.
yes i was using aries try that one
i used to play flute but i got hooked on the saxophone once i started playing it.
i've been working on yachts for 30 years and i've met a lot of celebrities.
Yo mama's so stupid she sold her car to get gas.
why is a hemorrhoid not the same as an asteroid?
my friend said if you learn the simple 4 notes you can play the whole song.
what exactly are you talking about?
yeah i heard the joke about bjork and chaney.
And the blonde replies, 'Wonderful, I was already assigned my first murder mystery case'.
those kind of artists give hip-hop a bad name.
I duck behind the sofa and say, I don't really live here.
until the show's next season.
My little brother would ask a question like that.
tell me your entertaining dreams ladies and gentlemen!
i would love to spend a summer with him on brokeback mountain
You know the Beta team still wants to answer this.
anakin and queen amadala of course
And thanks again, From Buffalo, NY.
the chorus sounds something like that.
rap has too much sex in it.
Paula seemed to like everyone this week.
tell him you are pregnant with someone elses baby.
the two boys have strange redneck characteristics like glue inhalation and play.
I'm assuming you're a Republican.
i think he is a dirty little man that looks greasy and needs a shave.
I don't need to be gay.
Shield, Sopranos, Twin Peaks, Simpsons, Smallville, Nip/Tuck
Plus, for an older man, that's really hot.
Obviously she's stupid, her husband doesn't like her, and she's too weak.
i'm just asking because people act like they don't like them anymore.
I love it because I love the show.
but i can't find any info on that.
i guess he would be a better option for you.
Beastie Boys - I EAT THE CHICKEN AND THEN I EAT HIS LEG (I THINK)
If I download any song by In Flames, the RIAA can't sue me right?
thanks for the thought but i wouldnt want a funeral party in my name.
I just didn't care enough to check.
lither and stay alive are both good movie
it seems to be by dylan but i still cant pin point which song it is.
I don't really have a favorite, I like them all.
ounds good to me, what do you think?
he leaves and doesnt go home.
i think so, my healthy turtle always does.
Speedy Gonzales was annoying and Tom and Jerry were too innocent.
techno penetrates your being and makes you wanna dance.
i'm hoping a sith or scorpion will come out to fight.
i think they are into drama and i dont know why.
Then I switched my focus to N'Sync, but now I'm interested in Stephen Speaks.
Maybe you'll be able to use these next year!
i had a compilation of air supply songs and milli vanilli.
i'm pretty sure it was a kiss.
you can find anything on ebay.
your never satisfied with what you have.
what did the left not say to the right nut?
I'm not actually saying he's cute.
hell no and you are an idiot for asking this question.
is it me you are looking for?
but i think 4 would be better.
i like horror movies like nightmare on elm street.
Simon always says no, but he has great judgement even though he is harsh.
i have many but maroon five and life house are my all time fav
because you don't have the right perspective.
as u know they always find the most ridiculous things funny.
If he's such a strict vegan that he can't even eat animal crackers, there's nothing we can do.
make a list on here of your best april fools pranks.
he sucks in that movie.
So far I haven't heard that she's coming back here to Arkansas?
rap because you can rhyme and spout nonsense but in rock and roll you can't make fun of other people, get it?
Even though I'm a guy, I don't normally like romantic movies, I liked this one.
i just wipe them on the floor or bed.
i thought the third was a little long but i liked it.
tell them that the phone bill and rent are due.
my dad and i have bought about 1000 things together.
yes i tried that in another costume (not mickey) i just smile when somebody takes a pic of me
i like them because they can write their own songs and play their own music.
nicole kidman is way better looking.
the only reason she is famous is because her family is rich.
you cant rate them cuz they are all good movie
a girl sings it something like i need you more and more
Alas, no, I don't listen to her anymore.
the question reminds me of that song.
i have watched all the episodes.
the perfect guy knows who i am and likes me.
Dirty Little Secret - The American Reject
it should be free to download and easy to understand.
people fight all the time, both physically and verbally.
i really like jason momoa from baywatch and north shore
he wrote a song for us all to keep dreaming with.
it depends on what kind of gum you chew.
Sleepy Grumpy Doc Sneezy Happy Dopey Bashful
chris is going to win!
I don't feel the same way about you anymore.
Yo mama so stupid she thought she needed a ticket to board the Soul Train.
let me know when you find out.
Stacie, I'm happy, I'm happy, I'm happy.
I don't know, but these two points make my total 1001.
are there any famous people on here?
call disney and see what they have.
You definitely need to watch Reservoir Dogs.
how old are you and what are you doing?
Another Gary song is I Don't Look Back.
yes but if you earn enough points you can ask for more
It used to be good, but now I can't stand it.
Avoid hot dogs and don't watch this movie with your little sister.
I don't like them, they sound really uncomfortable.
this is obviously hypothetical but i would like to know what other people think.
he is a total b*tch.
If she's 5'9, her twin kids will be giants!
I watch the show because I think Tom Welling is so hot!
I didn't get it, maybe I'm just stupid.
for a comedy try Wedding Crashers or The 40yr old virgin
HE HAS A MEN'S HEART.
Yo mama so stupid she put a ruler on her pillow and measured how long she slept.
I never could forgive her for that.
he gave his opponent a look that meant don't mess with him and they started fighting.
does 'gay' still mean 'happy'?
I just got a cd from my aunt and it has Josh Groban on it and he's a great tenor.
a genius can manipulate people to believe his idea but a dumb person can't.
i think they shouldnt get married i dont think he deserves her.
Tom Welling looks like The All American Rejects' vocalist.
i was talking about faith no more
it's annoying me i want to listen to it
what is wrong with her?
my brother looks like a less attractive version of kathy bates.
I don't know or care.
how can you prevent burglars from breaking in?
And no, I'm not looking for Aladdin.
i'd put jessica above paris hilton
and he is really good looking too.
that egg looks like it's sad and angry.
I saw something on tv that said he did, is that true?
looking for female impersonator clothing for viewing and buying.
I can't believe your friends don't know that show.
vince vaughn is so funny and so hot!
It's one of the funniest cartoons ever!
of course i know that was pathetic.
1 1/2 x 1/2 = 2 1/2
it depends on your taste in music.
People are stupid, but did you see Donnie Darko?
I saw it back in '86 or so, and I can't remember the details, can anyone help me out?
dress her up like a choirboy.
dont whine about a break up.
let hollywood buy the baby.
i am looking for a guy who is also a man.
thats why people wonder why he's not married.
why do they try to change their accent to british?
Yo mama's so stupid, she saw the sign saying 'Disney Left' and turned around to go home.
Without a doubt, My Chemical Romance.
i got a milli vanilli recording for my 9th birthday.
the parent trap is one of my favorite movies.
he thought it was funny when presented with a cane with a bicycle horn attached to it.
I can do all the things they do and I'm not a scary little girl!
The boys said, You're wasting your time.
i like open arms by journey but i like mariah careys version better
he thinks people need good comedy.
I find guys with edgy fashion choices, like tattoos, attractive.
a guy looking for a nice lady.
I didn't even know they all existed!
a person in between the two has the best of both.
i like limewire, its a good source of the latest music.
La Vie Boheme and Take Me Or Leave Me
i was confused if he was asking to die since he said please.
what kind of a person is mean to an orphan?
they want you to buy 40 of each, 4 packages of hot dogs and 8 packages of buns.
can't you rhyme the words together?
Chely Wright - Shut Up and Drive
I don't want to brag or anything, but I'm a rock star!
its either a coffin or a headstone
is that going to happen after 4,000 years?
its called doubleteamed and it is a movie
i think he was in his 40's and i know he retired.
he must of learned some skills after all those fights.
that was a stupid way to go about it.
they haven't made it to the big time.
I can't wait for the new movie!
She turns the alligator over and says, Drat, this one doesn't have shoes either!
its a great source but dont down it.
we will go on a picnic.
my kids and i love that show.
have you used a tissue?
I babysit, so I don't know the job market, but good luck!
this game is free but i would rather play world of warcraft
God created the chicken and the chicken laid an egg.
orry i havent seen it yet but everyone else told me the detail
from men: mccartney and from women: lindsay lohan
Zac Efron must be the hottest guy in the world.
watching the calf suckle the mother.
he should not let her go.
Milli Vanillie, Vanilla Ice, and Snow
Simply put, less people like TabooBuster and Osama!
Yo mama's so stupid, she makes Beavis and Butt-Head look like Nobel Prize winners.
my grandma does a lot with her cane.
Yo mama's so stupid, if brains were dynamite, she wouldn't have enough to blow her nose.
just turn it from on to off and vice versa.
Yeah, he stood on a block of ice!
we're trying to be happy too.
that would be M.C i think.
i like the guy he's funny and grounded.
thats a very racist comment to make.
is there a good tool that can help me mix and manipulate songs?
i dont know about downloading videos on itunes.com or limewire.com
I'm sure you'll both enjoy it.
I'm glad this question was finally asked!
everyone wants to get in there.
what should i do?
Cheeh and Chongs - Up In Smoke
Simple plan, but you better like them!
Yo mama's so fat, she can't afford to eat.
yes i also heard that they arent together anymore
Journey, Pink Floyd, The Police, The Eagles, Rush are all great classic bands.
I don't see why people like films like that.
Bambi is my favorite animated movie ever!
i still like both bands today.
i love green day i love Boulevard of broken dreams and all of their song
he said he was an evil man.
i would like to see either of them win.
i feel elated when i listen to them.
give me the technical specifications please!
Yo mama so ugly, the cops ticketed her for indecent exposure.
Don't let it get to you honey.
Don't worry I'm on your team.
you can buy almost anything on ebay!
and just tried to pull on those dangling things!
but im an unadulterated veggie and i love them.
get like 3 or 4 logs.
I love this song so much!
i think the hottest guys in the world are brad pitt, pippin and johnny depp.
I like it because it gives me something to do and I have Chron's disease.
the parents stopped and his mom quickly dismounted pulling the covers around her.
why are you asking such crazy questions?
i like both of them.
Tom Cruise is in it and personally I think he sucks as an actor.
The doctor said you're gonna die, Tonto said, looking at the Lone Ranger.
Jessica is just a silly minion of Paris.
alan moore is complaining because its not happening.
It's really 8 miles, but it sounds like it.
Oh my fave classic tv show is the golden girls is that a classic?
orlando bloom and chad michael murray are both really hot!
i like their music but they have too many tattoos for my taste.
how do you get a catholic woman pregnant?
I know a song but I can't remember how it goes.
Wait a minute, are you gay?
just sign up for a lot of talent shows.
National Lampoon's Christmas Vacations, it was sooo funny!
Joan because she is the most like me.
I liked each one and Bill Cosby was so funny without being mean.
I hate him, but not everyone does.
yes but they are unknown artist
i am way past the age of 17.
the first appearance of the Joker was in a 1940 comic called batman #1
If it comes to a fight, The Rock would win hands down!
i like his music a lot.
vhs is old and has been replaced by dvds.
i think most women think carmen electra is hot and go for it.
I don't think it's a very smart show.
How do you get locked in a car, why don't you just unlock it?
if you have cash buy a taylor or martin.
Jodie Foster is the best ever!
Chuck Norris played in a horror movie back in the 70's or 80's.
he is just as bad as the others.
i think they get the point.
Try Goodwill, they have tons of nice stuff that people don't want anymore.
my favorite character is jess i think hes hot
under the tuscan sun starring diane lane
Girlfriends is one of my favorite shows on tv.
a nice voice and a cute body
i pick both, in my fantasy i can do what i want.
he's rich and he can look that way if he wants to.
Don't You Cry Tonight by Guns N Rose
It would be great to be her, to be rich.
your mom sometimes needs things spelled out for her.
not me but i used to be in an orchestra.
He's like a fine wine, he gets better with age!
he is a total jerk and a liar, she should be prosecuted for false advertising.
i like adam sandler and rob thomas because i am a girl
I don't believe in them personally.
what is your favorite scene in gilmore girls?
he used to sing with a band called M-people.
what do u mean when u say bad stuff?
and i worked in the gov.
If you haven't read it yet, Doyle Brunsen has written an excellent book.
try limewire.com its free but you have to download it
i love the song im listening to it right now.
He's okay, but his wife is hot.
Yo mama so stupid she tried to put M&M's in alphabetical order.
i want a thug bad boy with a gentleman side
I don't know what's going to happen, but I know it's gonna be good.
there is only one occurrence of 'ZZ' in ZZ Top.
If they don't like him, it's ok.
Yo mama put on her job application under education, hooked on phonics.
He said Yo mama so stupid she thought Boyz II Men was a day care center.
yes it turned me into a human hose pipe
Don't ask me to list all of them.
the brick wont follow you after you lay it.
Yo mama so stupid she spends two hours watching 60 Minutes.
tell your parents that your passion is acting.
Most likely you really don't want to meet women in the bars anyways.
this explains why they had to open that hatch all the time.
i would have to say will farrell
we spell colour as colour and say colin powell with an emphasis on the C not the O
My age, my blood pressure, and the price of gas keep going up!
yes she is a very good korean songstre
there are no words that rhyme with orange
She's Like the Wind from Dirty Dancing
why limit yourself to just one thing?
if floyd could do it, i'm sure the beatles could, even if yoko wasn't there.
go to this website it lists a lot of tv situational comedies that are available on dvd.
my hubby got me hooked but i haven't seen much this season.
i wouldnt know tyra banks for sure cuz i have only seen her tv show.
If anyone really understood the movie, please explain it to me!
Paris is not stupid, her IQ is like 145.
I'm glad it's on me to do this!
thanks for letting me vent my frustration about this stupid song.
Who sings Can't Touch This in Charlie's Angels: Full Throttle?
I don't want answers that don't actually have advice.
thats gross it has saliva dripping all over it
i can pick things up with my toes and my husband hates it.
I want to listen to music I like but I don't know what to listen to.
good movie with bad acting.
I hope no one got offended by that blonde joke.
would someone be able to help me?
i used to be a fan too.
why do guys like farting?
it has very close camping quarters with people stealing and 10 kids died from overdoses.
he was the best of the best.
Hoopz didn't like Flav at all.
I can still picture my brother's 45.
my sister likes him a lot.
i dont like american rap at all.
Never tell anyone you know otherwise you'll never live it down!
Was I supposed to pick one of them?
this is a girl show.
i am first but there are at least 10 more after me.
the guy driving down the road may even walk again with a lot of therapy.
is anyone really that crazy?
what is your favorite movie and why do you like it?
I need to check out some more pics from disney
most definitely animal crackers were made to be cute and delicious.
the best song is far far away by as i lay dying
i've heard this riddle before.
I don't think it's a song.
How will you feel if someone throws a funeral party for you when you're 60-70?
the parents stop and his mom jumps off and pulls the blanket around her.
I actually made this one up but I don't know if anyone else finds it funny.
He's a great actor and I've always loved his work!
who the hell could find so many words that start with a 'v'?
we will have a blast!
If you're gonna play the game, you gotta learn to play it right.
Just be careful, your boss might like you a little too much.
your mom called dan quayle to check the spelling.
i like hip-hop, rap, rock n roll, pop, but my favorite is r&b.
that was the best joke i've ever heard.
The Used - I caught fire (in your eyes)
are you a lesbian or what?
I can't think of the title... Take That First Step?
how old are you you should be at least 18
i want my cd to play in my car's cd player and in my walkman.
That Burger King thing is just gross.
yes, how do you put the beans on top of the frank?
make one that will make you happy and make your pet bird excited.
i think some of it, like ruling planets, is true.
just listen to the song.
that is a very stupid idea.
they eventually got a postcard from him.
you win my love little by little.
i think your thinking of 'strengths'
If you want to play the game, dude, you gotta learn to play right.
I can't listen to it at all.
i think it sucks that she stole brad fron jennifer but i pick angelina
This is one way to keep it out of your system...don't be stupid and use it!
i have another question, but i know it's obvious.
where can i find aladdin cartoon series on dvd?
My son is obsessed with it and I think it's adorable.
Kevin...I'm not exactly an American Idol watcher.
it piques my interest what is it about?
i invented a hanger and made me famous.
I don't know, I'm kinda sick right now.
james they both suck rap music is gay
4 legs when crawling as a baby 2 legs when walking 3 legs later on with a cane
im pretending to be in a world of my own where everybody likes me.
Reel Big Fish, Chronic Future Are A Couple, AC/DC
people are stupid and want to get rich off of him.
i dont know but i think it might be kevin, bucky or melissa (who sang the wrong lyrics)
what is your final answer on the wedding band?
i dont know who sang cry me a river.
i have the cassette tape but i would like to have the cd
I know I'm quotein Showgirls but it's apt here.
he sounds like a really nice guy!
I'm just glad they didn't show us the toilet.
i love smallville so it would be cool to meet someone else who loves the show.
they are sooo hot and sexy.
go to limewire.com and download it
there is info on the sequel but i dont know when it is coming out.
angelina jolie is way sexier
i wanna be on t.v.
he chose sarah but rumors are flying that they broke up already.
it shouldnt be called a christian band!
you are not that way, you just lack self confidence.
that's like broke back mountain.
That's hot, though I love Tinkerbell.
they cant see anything at first.
You can count on me to be there for you, but I can't remember names.
if your guy likes gothic fashion, go for it.
best buy has alot of movies and tv series that are hard to get.
Yo mama so stupid she took a spoon to the Super Bowl.
But I'm writing music with a happier tone because of her!
i like her powers like freezing and causing explosions.
i want to be with him i'll call him money
i think i know what is going on.
i only like simpsons better than this show.
the term was made so vague because people used it so much.
if you want to live, talk and dream about it move to either japan or china
hit it away and the mosquito stops sucking.
he has a very specific walk to him.
Yo mama's so fat, she looks like she's pregnant.
about a minute later.
yes, let's get together!
who is RAM if geeta is Ram?
i used to be a fan too.
MAYA'S HUSBAND DARNELL BECAUSE HE IS HOT
I like his music, but it sucks that he's being accused of molestation.
i'm looking for some new music.
i'm going to go with the cow.
its the most ridiculous thing i have seen in a long time.
you are going to st. ives.
what kind of question is that?
i would think rap has become more popular these days.
he needs to get a job.
i want to meet my favorite bands and i love rap especially reliant k.
I can't believe you had to ask!
i like magic better than glow
I can't imagine why they wouldn't.
I hope not, that sounds pretty disturbing.
i would have to say will ferrell
You wouldn't understand, but at least I still have my Peggy Sue.
of course you should keep the baby, you dabbled in trouble and now you have to pay.
i love the guitar and drums!
Yo mama's so fat, her baptism had to take place at SeaWorld.
I'm not usually into Rock n' Roll, Screamo, or anything like that.
I thought it was him, but I don't know for sure.
i liked that movie and i liked looking at brad pitt in it.
what is your question again?
i like that way that maya is down to earth.
celebrities cause a lot of girls to anorexic.
I don't know any of them.
before there were no eggs so chicken.
go to google or best buy or blockbuster
wow that's a hard one.
purple and music i think
i like the character of Lucius Malfoy
put parental controls on or use web site ratings.
how many women were playing drums at that time?
they are not confused at all.
i love and am a big fan of green day.
how can he be so dirty and a genius?
not close to a ps3, but close enough.
If you don't like them, then don't answer.
i have nothing by jennifer hudson
it means that they all have green dot
Yo mama's so stupid, she thought Chuby Checkers was for fat people.
your favorite song happens to be their most popular
i dont think michael jackson will have another top album.
I didn't really talk about it with my parents before, but I mentioned it once and they didn't respond and didn't seem to care.
Scientology is a freakin' religion!
i missed it last night but i want kevin to go.
Oh really, is it 2-D or 3-D?
chew bubblicious and the bubbles can become great
Red Hot Chili Peppers are the best!
i would say yes, but that is up to you.
it has to be the chicken!
if anyone can help i would appreciate it very much.
I've known people who peed in their pants.
Yo mama so stupid, she put lipstick on her forehead and said she was trying to make up her mind.
you need to rent the movie the sweetest thing.
he didn't want to commit bigamy.
no the banjo music wouldnt
who do u think will win american idol 5th season?
you could always try 360 share on your computer.
She also did a layout in King Magazine just recently!
i agree with all my friends.
i think people would like him more if he didn't talk about politics.
the boy told you your wasting your time.
i think brian asks the best questions i dont know why they suspended him
i knew he was still supposed to be in jail.
i would use the baseball bat and break the window.
Paris Hilton, but I don't like either one of them.
Depends on what type of websites you like.
It's funny when your 60, not so funny when your 80.
a little kryptonite would fix it.
chicken first because god cant lay egg
but anyone could have said that.
i think rie-rie should get the credit for this one.
that was me before i had my op.
top talking to me cuz i know i'm right.
i like superman a lot.
no i am sure paris or mandisa will win
Then I saw some of his movies and thought he was awesome.
I certainly don't want to be with a thug.
I love the hair bands of the 80's!
we're gonna keep singing together all the time.
There are some people that I know, but I don't really like them.
Mar, I thought I'd let you know that that commercial is for Dairy Queen.
I stopped liking rap, there are just too many people.
Anime is like manga in animation form.
imple, good romantic films are shakespeare in love and romeo & juliet.
he saw a blonde on the other side of the street.
Well then I'm not gay either.
i dont like the rock but i hate george clooney
He's so cute he makes me wanna spank his butt!
8 Mile is a good movie, but it's old.
It didn't make sense at first and when I finally got it, it still wasn't funny.
it's weight is 1, the question is deceiving!
i have 3 names and i like them all.
It's Lauren, a girl that goes to my church.
Independence Day is a disaster movie with some sci-fi elements.
At a palace in Turkey, she took on armed guards.
because of suspicion from kevin and katharine.
he got crazy and impregnated katie and jumped on furniture.
tell him you want to have sex with another hot girl.
it's probably more than that.
it was good how you got him back.
i am waiting to ask my husband.
i like old school rap, rap, and pop but not hard rock.
he refuses to talk to the female parrot.
But it would be awesome if they made a special reunion episode of something like that (I love that show).
they are over paid and over celebrated.
I remember back in the day when it wouldn't have been called a booty, but a fat arse.
he could have been the voice of mother bate
Girls think they will only be liked if they look like celebrities, but that's just not true.
I don't think that's weird at all.
i think that person is hilarious.
everytime i hear that song i get all excited.
Never believe a trick like that.
Boulevard of Broken Dreams - I love it!
I don't think so, to be honest.
the blonde in the boat said it was like a sea of wheat.
i like them and they are cute.
i like angel baby remixed by mr. kapony because of its personal association
is that really water at his feet?
what was he thinking when he referred to her kids as orphans!
Now you can go to sleep!
I don't think your mom is stupid.
he could trick-or-treat over the phone
whats wrong with his hair?
I love them so much, who else likes Blink 182?
i just told you the answer.
She said Hey, how do you get to the other side?
I like both Lauren Hill and Mary J. Blige.
then you can recoup all or most of your money.
do you know the drummer for blink 182?
mix in some of your favorite songs too.
we call it mumu, she calls it lingerie.
i can't remember the last time i turned on my t.v.
he just wants to have sex with that person.
my sister looks like karishma kapoor, a very famous hindi film celeb.
they are a great band with good lyrics and vocals.
I'm sure it was him!
Just like what happened in the new hbo show Big Love.
what were you and dad doing there?
why do you think that style is so popular?
paris hilton is not far behind either.
maybe he needs to improvise more?
i'm listening to it right now.
I can't say I watch him all the time.
try some crazy stuff and you might end up with a fish and not a baby.
Yo mama's in a dangerous neighborhood and I'm afraid she's gonna get shot.
Panic and The Used are my fav bands.
it helps that there is a hott guy in it.
Katie Holmes was once a nice catholic girl, now she's a Scientologist.
Don't worry, you'll be back to yourself in a couple of weeks.
i am sam and hollywood bollywood
dont use that to guide your life.
it sounds like an old beatles song.
my favorite books are naruto series.
the blonde went home and had sex with her boyfriend.
I can't name one 'most-liked' movie.
One muffin looks to the other and says;
video killed the radio star by the bugle
what are you doing in that area we need to get out of there.
All of you here who says you love American Idiot are not fluent in music.
The guy says, I can't take your money.
there is a funny joke about rap music.
jennifer love hewitt cuz she and i have the same b-day
yes i saw it and i loved it
Yo mama so stupid, she sold the car for gas money.
ince you asked, i think rap is better.
i'm watching the movie never been kissed but i'm not appleton me.
what if a dead person escaped from the cemetary?
i think fall out boy
myself but im getting quickly tired of questions about them on here.
abbie mccartney played clara in the first broadway production that has had 5 revivals.
when you call me i worry.
yes he and his music are both very sexy
orry but the good ole days are gone.
which one do u like better?
wow that is a hard question.
i think it could be kazza, limewire, or eztrackz
aspen CO has some great music festivals and you can just sit back and enjoy the mountains and the music.
and i read an article saying she was one of the highest paid actresses.
but there is nothing to drink.
why does this question keep coming up?
How about when John Wayne kicks Bruce Dern in The Coyboys?
who throws a funeral party?
i want someone who is respectful and responsible but is also a hoe.
I thought it was Missouri (St. Louis)
Eminem is just playing hard to get I choose Get Rich or Die Tryin
One guy said, Where's the beauty from Mystic Pizza?
i dont know but they will look good together
If this is like others, they should get rid of their advertising agency!
I don't know but it was just a matter of time.
he should respect me and my colleagues.
Don't worry about your signs, they're not always right, just try being nice and talk to her.
that is so embarassing to me.
i'm still trying to get over it.
Not as awkward as a random unruly kid bawling about his dad and skateboard!
i watched it up to season 4 and then i quit watching it.
PS: Raveena Tandon's reputation is that she kicks ass, so be careful!
the first saw was better then the second
i feel that way so i want to know what other people think.
Just because you meet people along the way doesn't mean they stay with you, so its up to you.
any thing is possible if you dream it you can achieve it.
lol it's all about the fear factor.
my family is not like that at all.
Hope you got the answer you were looking for.
The guy says, I don't know.
Greenday, even if you don't like that kind of music.
but i'll vote for taylor hicks all the way.
I didn't know there would be a sequel called Incredibles 2.
is it salmon or some sort of fish?
i have and still do love green day since dookie.
People don't care about the chicken anymore.
i like the sogn true love way
Reese Witherspoon for an actress and Zac Efron because he can act and he's hot
it depends on the type of gum or the chewing.
two pigs lying in bed watching deliverance would be a good cartoon for gary larson
I like the Goo Goo Dolls and Relient K.
I grew up with them and it's just sad.
you should just buy the soundtrack.
He probably said something along the lines of we're not real.
tupac wouldnt be interested in that.
I was told that if I wanted to play the game, I needed to play it right.
also try to get confidence in your self image, which doesn't sound very strong right now.
it may sound old school but it was just made.
he did exactly what he said he would.
o i guess your situation is not unique.
one of them is the indian celeb named aishwarya rai
did you buy a ticket to see that?
i agree with american idol
LP is an abbreviation of linkin park too.
you need to watch this one.
maybe you mean the apartment from the 60's?
Most of No Doubts early stuff would fit into ska.
i thought that made the movie a little more impressive.
nothing but a diamond ring
tell him you want to marry him.
You forgot about TLC, didn't you?
To find you attractive, I'd have to drink everything in the bar!
my name is chuck norris and i am a cop.
try purevolume.com they have free mp3 download
well u see i loved rap when i first became a music fan.
i like the click five and i like their songs.
and there are too many baldwin brothers.
But I think people now like songs like My Humps.
they just want to express themselves and make a noise.
I loved Bewitched, Elf, and all his other movies too.
does anyone know where she is?
he is definately different than she used to be.
they are pretty much everywhere here.
the omen, jaws, exorcist, carrie, scream, tell me if u know a movie that is scarier than that
Yo mama so slow she tried to steal bread that was free.
I know you'll say you've seen funnier, but it still cracks me up.
i have seen the movie too.
Guys would do this and some wouldn't.
try calling a local radio station or go on askjeeves.com
yjou need to check out this website honey.
i think most all of them are pretty funny.
my conflict resolution style is to be non-aggresive.
it is nice to be with a guy who treats his partner with respect and stands up for himself.
Yeah, they definitely knew that you are stupid and have a problem with LSD.
zero...free airfare, hotel, meal and daytime expenses should be paid though.
i also have the vanilla ice cd.
i am a scorpio and i love it!
No, I haven't seen your baseball.
it is definately one of my favorite shows.
a little love, some wine and time with my man.
First of all, I don't choose them.
Especially when the chicken goes after the guy at the end!
there should be a category for the best questions!
why do you only have 1 1/2 bricks?
but i do find myself attractive.
No one will ever forget TLC, their songs symbolize a new generation of young women.
i think it will be ice blue and have visbale breath and icicles on its nose
the song was called epic its a great song but i can't remember the artist
i love i dream of jeannie
I love U2, Bon Jovi, Coldplay, and Three Doors Down.
I liked Rudy when she was a little girl and Theo when he was in high school!
I'm confused, they know they're not getting a good seat.
If you haven't heard of Mad Season, check it out!
the cop says your picture is on it.
it sounds like wa-yoh wa-yoh wa-yoh wah
Manchurian Candidate Mean Girls Mona Lisa Smile
roll them into a tight ball and flick the ball.
it is very easy to understand.
i would join the teenage mutant ninja turtles.
Tyra has a great show and I love her but Oprah is just great!
i have and it is a great show.
no tonight she got sent home.
i knew you would ask that question!
Chris Brown, Bow Wow, then Omarion
a fart that makes you cry
It's a great movie, no doubt about it.
That way you'll be the one who breaks up first.
and its the most you can charge your ipod while listening to it.
it's a melody, its a melody!
I'm sure you can tell by now that I'm a big Superman fan.
is your question how much does it weigh?
They don't rap about stupid stuff.
i like acting and my co-worker said i have talent.
it's ok, not good or bad but fine.
you will have experience to back up your claims.
he made me dinner and it made me smile.
do u know any new england movie theaters that are looking for actors?
your mom thought the internet is something you catch fish with.
i dont have a favorite band but maria carey is my fav singer
i would get all of them from def leppard being a leppard fan
I love it because it's so funny.
its saying that he promises not to leave or betray her.
thats a stupid and stupid question.
my boyfriend and i explored this with me last year.
how good of a president would he be?
i have norton anti virus but i was still infected with porn.
he used to be a hard rock-and-roller.
all i need is money honey
think about how many people he is hurting by being selfish with his money.
my cat might eat my bird if it flaps its wing
I like to watch them with my boyfriend.
he looks good but i dont know her personality i havent experienced it.
i know what udders are!
a lesbian is not always a tomboy.
no i havent seen it yet im waiting for it to come out on dvd
I'm going to be unique and call it the vagina.
how can anyone hate tom cruise?
they had a lot of cool stuff in the 90's.
I throw deluxe frankfurters at my grandma all the time.
peter gabriel was in Genesi
my favorite band is dream theater and my favorite song is always changing
i would rather listen to billy joel
I went to Saint Ive's where a guy was having problems going the other way.
what were you and your dad doing?
I can't wait to see them in May!
i like janis joplin's cry cry baby
it is also considered a japanese comic book.
i dont know but i think they would be as sad sounding as the rolling stones now.
my fave is george clooney he is sooo hot
we'll just have to deal with it.
no but i know someone
I like Lonely Nation and Golden.
Panic At The Disco - I Wite Sins Not Tragedie
read numbers upside down in the phone book.
i think you are shouting not singing.
I don't like plain rock, I like rap, metal, and a blend of rap and rock (e.g.linkin park).
a very close friend of mine is a Cap.
At first I thought it was funny, then it got boring.
Sarah, actually, he didn't really propose.
i think you meant psychic.
are you looking for one or more then one?
I just bought new heels, earrings, and a bag.
i would have to say my two favorite comedies are white chicks and dumb and dumber
I just watched M.C.
i know that is a really old example.
He's not everyone's favorite, that's why some people hate him.
where can i download music from after buying an mp120?
i have the latest one and i get music, pictures, movies, documents.
yes when i need alot of help.
the genie told each one they could have a wish.
Red Hot Chili Peppers Simple Plan Bowling for Soup Yellowcard Fall Out Boy
pocket taser stun gun for your wife
there are muffins baking in an oven.
they are not shallow women jessica is a geniu
New Kids on the Block is my pick.
The speeder, a blonde, reached through her purse and couldn't find her license, so she asked what does my license look like?
i think they are sometimes, but i dont think you should center your life around them.
He's cute, old, and not hirsute, which I like.
I just watched FRIDAY, NEXT FRIDAY, FRIDAY AFTER NEXT, WHITE CHICKS.
I can't think of anyone else.
i like any movie that jim carrey is in
10 bucks a ticket to see a movie every week.
I used to love him but I don't anymore.
She's so talented, I would be disappointed if she didn't win!
i know how to read tabs.
you should come up with a better question next time.
i still watch the show in reruns.
Hope this answers your question.
i personally would go with gilmore girls because of how sarcastic they are.
tell me where you live and i can get you a better referrer
Don't let anyone else decide your fate.
i cant sleep cause i need to know what happened.
you should check it out on yahoo movie
during the times when you both sit together doing nothing but watching tv or something like that.
my favorite english song is kiss from a rose by seal
it takes some time to get used to it.
have a party to celebrate your new life.
Why don't you just go to tv managers and tell them what you think?
the chicken says weeee when it gets close to the end.
i think its in perpetuity or something like that
i like original ntv, especially super mario brothers.
It sounds kinda cool, and I might try it.
Dakota Fanning is really famous, and she's only 12.
i tried to make a gun the other day but i made a mistake and it wasnt mine.
Snoopy Come Home was a great movie!
why isn't he in jail?
i think their names were heather and hendi they were great athlete
Maybe Rachel Fuller is in my heart...
julia roberts and johnny depp
he would wear that green stripedrugby shirt i think its ugly
Maybe I'll get to see them in a few months.
can anyone tell me what it is?
the question was asked in an interview about his wife.
in one of her songs she talks about not letting her boyfriend pressure her to have sex.
yes, sometimes i dont get home until late in the evening.
of course keith urban is so sexy who wouldn't want to marry him
i liked the show happy days.
it was a scary show at times.
the only way would be to use a sharing program like limewire.
i love it i also love stupid girls thats a great song
yes there is a resent button
tell him that you are moving on and you are going to find someone else.
I do, I love both of them!
it was a very wordy movie overall.
American Idol, House, and Grey's Anatomy are my top 3.
If so, who are you and what are you famous for?
randy is sometimes wierd paula is a coward simon is sometimes too cruel
the new texas chainsaw massacre
the chicken because it had to hatch the egg.
just be a little more open minded.
I don't know if everyone does, but I do.
he cant keep his mouth shut so he is the reason his sister got fired.
do they always erase it?
that person ran off with the wives of two of the guys.
i like harry potter a lot.
jessica alba and angelina jolie
and there was always pizza to be had.
the blonde insult the other blond by saying how stupid she was on the highway.
I do as a girl and I only like lesbian porn.
Yo mama took a cup to see Juice, she's so stupid.
A true friend wouldn't let their drunk friend fuck a zombie!
Mickey Rourke and Bruce Willis are the same person?
i dont get screamo or emo.
this is the song i dedicate to my bf and i.
Rabbits fees only work for people, not the rabbits from which they come.
he actually wanted to eat the mouse.
he's crawling around with no feet.
it depends on what you mean by a miracle.
I don't think she was ever that way.
thanks i am bi too thats why i asked.
i would have to say riker and troi.
i love it i will keep this nasty secret to myself
But back in the 80's I loved her!
if i were looking that is what i would be looking for.
i love their songs so much.
One such joke is about a girl, a chicken, and a roller coaster.
i dont like any of them but panget rock band is the best
I tried to hang out with him but I can't.
Why listen to Locke, Jack, or Syead?
Duran Duran, Madonna, One Woman Band, Alabama, Exile, Air Supply
try talking to disney employees.
I don't want an opinion, I want the source.
i think thy are a good band
their relationship was dead on arrival.
i record a lot of shows but i also watch dvds.
I'm a handsome, dashing, interesting person who you'll never get.
dont put any reality tv on your show.
i would really like it if hollywood would stop remaking classic movie
if you werent so young you would know the answer.
i like clover better but i like crimson better
neither Natasha Bedingfield nor James Blunt are very good.
i listen to their music every morning.
hi my name is elvis u know me
get in touch when you can.
i thank god for each day i have.
you could try horseback riding, but that can be risky and Christopher Reeve got hurt pretty bad.
it was preempted b/c of a sports event and the newest episode starts (i think) on march 27th i can't wait
it is one of my favorite songs ever!
he is a sl*t and he decides to spend his money on what ever he wants.
Ne-Yo - So Sick
he has been travelling the world and became an adult with lots of postcards.
I love the band Sublime!
Radiohead - Paranoid Android is a modern song
we pilippines speak english very well and we are very hard working and wise.
i just need a few rhymes about sickness or illness.
a drunk guy makes a rude comment.
does anyone know a casting call website?
My wife likes it but I don't.
I thought she was awesome in the movie.
what kind of a person are you to ask such a question?
what do u think?
I don't like RBD either, they're old men and housewives dressed as high school students.
maybe, but now it's done for a dramatic effect.
I love Jim Carrey and it gives me a good feeling.
you can play as peter, susan, lucy, or edmund.
i think that would be wrong.
Greenday, what ever happened to you?
and he's kinda weird looking.
i also think Naomi Watts dress was weird and looked too big for her.
it looks like me to me
Yo mama so ugly she scares buzzards away from a meat truck.
he made fun of jessica simpson when she was washing a car.
The blonde says: You're on the other side.
Kevin Costner for sure, did you forget Waterworld?
alot of my friends think about the same thing.
2nd I'd pick Yellow Card, Simple Plan, then Bowling for Soup, and Red Hot Chili Peppers.
to stop the zombies from wandering around town.
bone thugs and harmony by the beastie boy
Probably AC/DC or Guns N Roses.
i dont know but i want to try searching online for the end of the movie
the brunette team leader talks to the blonde team leader and asks her what are you guys doing?
Diary of a Mad Black Woman - I thought it was funny
Just kidding MC Hammer back when he was rich and famous.
i think it is maya, she is sarcastic but down to earth.
it must have been the chicken
the best movie i have ever seen is the schindler's list
its a shame that they would have done that.
anything that makes you feel good.
you can get the movie on dvd if you want to see shawn.
what about a romantic film, or a chick flick?
HOW DID THAT GUY STAY IN ONE PLACE ALL THE WAY THROUGH THE MOVIE?
There have been hints about Archie marrying Betty in a lot of the stories.
A blonde driving down the highway.
I hope they don't come back, but if they do, good luck!
you could always send her to a circular room and tell her to sit in the corner.
he was so scared he had a heart attack.
what do you think of what we have now?
if i could swim i would come out there and confront you.
for men chris ace or taylore for women mandisa katherine lisa
does anyone know the web address?
you should have a group talk and figure out why there was no alcohol at the party.
I thought it was awesome, even though it made me cry a lot.
what is the bosses whole name?
nicole kidman is hotter, smarter and more talented than katie
and check out full metal jacket.
have you heard the last song on having a robin?
where can i find out the name of this 80's movie?
Tyra Banks, I idolize her, she's hot, but there's a rumor going around that she's pregnant.
maybe its a future story line, they didn't use it
Have you ever wondered why guys think a lot and girls talk a lot?
what could society have done to these guys to make them so violent?
You just don't know what you're doing and don't think you're dumb.
when he cleaned the ashtray in the house and yelled he did it for you!
i love all the CB movies and specials.
is this Zombie your best friend or more than that?
i guess they cant eat gummi bears either.
think about what this person can do with out any kind of accountability.
thats one of the best songs out there!
what do you expect its tom cruise
well if he hadnt broken up with jennifer aniston i would have said brad pitt.
just call the info line and they will give you it right away.
but all three can be considered part of one larger film.
i know for sure it will be kellie, katherine, chris, ace.
i actually have a few favorites.
I still find it irresistible!
i lie tyra but i have to say angeline jolie
its like a mini movie and very confusing.
I love the hair metal, Motley Crue, Pouson, Cinderella, Faster Pussycat, Slaughter, and anything else.
If they were together, it didn't last long.
i love the show and i still watch the reruns.
My ass is already burnt, you're starting to smell good.
he used to be a role model to girls.
are you one of their fans?
7th Heaven was ok but i couldnt relate to it.
i have vanilla ice and new kids on the block
he is not the best singer in the world.
jerry springer over david letterman
i like 2 of their songs but the rest suck.
Who sings I don't like the looks of it?
50 cent is hot and muscular.
I don't find this attractive, look up Ville Valo or Bam Margera to see a hot guy.
lin wrote what i was trying to write.
Yo mama so dorky, she put a telephone in her ass because she thought she was making a booty call.
Hope this doesn't mess up your brain.
whats up with all these guys insulting my girl friend?
I'm going to the Hershey factory tomorrow, I can't wait!
i know a lot of people other than me that do.
Lynn because she is the funniest
the brunettes and the blondes were in two teams.
i think its kinda low class to call it by name but maybe i'll call it Jet
everything will work out in the end.
Yo mama so moronic, she'd light your house on fire.
i just need the title of the movie... thank
Silly, your name is already based on Star Wars!
I love that movie so much!
but that is a good question.
they are sooo hot and sexy.
i think one bottle of captain morgan will work, im headed up north, can u meet me at the library?
the comic strips will always be the best.
I don't know, never tried it.
its a long comic not a book.
Rubber Soul Revolver Sgt. Pepper's Lonley Hearts Club Band
i cant trust anyone who doesnt like at least one song from sublime.
he is a useless person who makes money off of other people's troubles.
i think the end has to be the third film.
yes i think i am, many people say i am too.
They get Rizza, Jizza, and Ghost Face Killer.
I can't believe pro wrestling is still on, it's garbage.
why are they beating me with a cane?
watch the movie 9 1/2 weeks, mickey rourke was hot.
email me and maybe we can be friends!
anyone else like breath me by sia i am looking for the lyric
The City Sleeps and If I Only Had A Brain
i've never seen so many dvds of tv at best buy.
lol i actually bought one.
what kind of animating do you do?
a chicken, a hyena, and a jackal
i never heard of it sorry
the kid was maybe 6 or 7 years old.
if its an old car, roll the window down, otherwise, unlock the door.
i think abba, they were huge in the 80's and i think they still have a huge fan base.
Yo mama's so stupid, she thought a lawsuit was something you wear to court.
do you need 2 pounds of brick?
Full House or Fresh Prince of Bel-Air
they are generally about your personality, not your life choices.
of course red hot chili pepper
it happened in batman when he was recovering that blond guy took over.
i like most types of rock.
he could only hear the person breathing in and out.
Virgos tend to be more outgoing.
i know this is a loaded question but i will answer 2.
I do, I don't consider myself cocky, but I know I'm pretty.
It's funny, but it's really stupid.
put ice hot or bengay in his underwear or on his deodorant
this is a strange question i dont like either of them but salvador dali is definately better
he needs to be a man and get a job with a decent income.
the doctor was startled and wanted to know what i have been doing.
beyonce because she is younger and a better dancer
everything she does is magic by the police
there is one called doc watson
why didn't anyone mention evil dead?
just act like you are experienced and be strong.
they are the best metal band ever!
they have cords you can buy.
this is different from what i've seen though.
i saw it just last week.
