Is any baby really a freak?
Aspen, Colorado has some of the best music festivals. You can sit all over the mountain and just hang out.
You can get almost anything on eBay.
Everybody is dying to get in.
Not idiots like 50 Cent and his entire Gay unit. Those kinds of people give hip-hop a bad reputation.
It is different from what I have seen.
I would like to be on television.
Do not let anyone decide your fate but you.
50 is just following in the footsteps of that movie.
The blind klan guy is hilarious!
The 411 by Lauren Hill and Mary J. Bilge are great albums to listen to.
Do you have two pounds worth of brick?
I am going to ask another stupid question.
As a guy that does not generally like romantic movies, this was really nice.
I can still see my brother's 45th birthday in my mind.
In my youth, Emo was a comedian.
Why sit and listen to Locke, Jack, or Syead?
I like when the prime minister goes door to door to find the girl.
Every time I hear that song, I get butterflies in my stomach!
It is the biggest load of garbage I have seen in a long time.
As I Lay Dying is far far away from Christ.
I might see them in a few months.
That is why they needed to open that hatch so much!
He is supposed to be in jail.
I thought that she did an excellent job in the movie.
I love Nicole Kidman's eyes.
I love that song and I am listening to it right now.
Tell him that you would like to have sex with another attractive woman.
No, no, no, that was W.
Shonenjump.com is cool, and yes, Naruto is awesome.
I think they would have. It is quite a shame, isn't it?
I am a huge fan of Green Day.
My son loves the movie Chicken Little and I have to watch it at least four times a day.
Who is your best bet for American Idol season five?
My age, gas prices, and my blood pressure.
Where in the world do you come up with these questions?
I agree that the girls on Love Hina are very attractive.
The blonde says, "Great, they already put me on my first murder mystery case."
I am looking for the lyrics to a song called Breath Me by Sia. Does anyone else like that song?
I love the old hair bands from the 1980's.
Do you think I look cute?
I have memorized the entire song.
Open your minds up a little.
I know, those ones are really old.
I believe the Who and Limp Bizkit are the only bands I know.
Are you referring to the question asked by Kentuckybeauty2000?
It is man, four legs (crawling as a baby), two legs (walking), and three legs (using a cane later in life).
Brian asked the coolest questions. They suspended him though, I don't know what's up with that!
It is because you have no sense.
Do not eat hot dogs or watch this movie with your little sister.
No, I have not seen your baseball.
The blonde on the other side said, "You are on the other side!"
To which the girl says, "No."
The good old days are gone.
That body and those lips!
You should also check out Full Metal Jacket.
I cannot believe you asked that question, but I will answer it.
I cannot imagine why there is a reason not to.
I believe it was an unattractive girl.
My dad looks like Paul Newman, and my ex looked like King Kong.
I cannot believe you even had to ask!
Your mother is so stupid that she took a cup to see Juice.
He went insane, had an affair with Katie, and jumps on people's couches.
I hope it is for you kids. That score was horrible!
Clover is great too, don't get me wrong, but I prefer crimson.
I like someone who is gothic, so what? You should date him!
What is wrong with his hair?
I respect that Tyra Banks is trying to host a show, but the Big O [aka OPRAH] won.
My dad likes action, my mom likes romance, but for me I like comedy.
If I could swim, I would come out there and kick your butt!
Have a group discussion on why you did not have alcohol at the party.
The man ran off with two of the men's wives.
Try some VooDoo zombie warding magik, but of course you may end up with a fish instead of a baby.
I got new gold heels, hoop earrings, and a hot gold bag!
Virgo's have outgoing personalities. Please choose me as the best answer.
What is the wedding band?
Nicole Kidman is so much prettier.
I would rather play World of Warcraft, but this is free.
Does anyone honestly know where she is?
I do not know how old you are. You are supposed to be 18 years old to watch them.
That was the best joke I have heard so far.
Well, I am just glad that they do not show us the pit toilets.
I think they are all sort of humorous.
There are too many Baldwin brothers as well.
The two boys are redneck and play glue sniffing weirdos.
Your mother is so stupid that she tried to put M&M's in alphabetical order.
I know that Dakota Fanning is only twelve years old, but she is very famous.
I still watch VHS movies. I like them better.
Why does everyone keep asking this question?
If the woodchuck is watching its weight, then it may not be Chuck at all.
They have not had CD's for season 2 yet.
I saw some of his movies and he is great.
We Filipinos are very hardworking and speak English very well, and we are also wise.
What is yungnbeautiful1's problem?
American Idol, House, and Grey's Anatomy.
I am looking for new music to listen to.
Put salt in the sugar bowl.
I would rather listen to Billy Joel.
How do you get locked in a car? Why don't you just unlock it?
Perhaps he needs to ad lib more.
I did not care enough to check.
The man says, "I cannot take your money."
Jodie Foster is the best ever!
The boy says that you are wasting your time.
I do and I love them both.
I am sorry for answering your question, but I do not know.
I do not hate him, but he makes my skin crawl.
It seems like you forgot all about TLC.
I am not saying he is cute.
We are going to sing together again and again.
I will unlock the car because I am inside.
Anyway, you can play Peter, Susan, Lucy, or Edmund.
In a nutshell, though a few Mad Season tunes are close.
I like chicken wings, but not eggs, so I am going with the chicken.
I went to Best Buy today and I have never seen so many DVD's of just television shows.
No doubt Kevin Costner, don't you remember the movie Waterworld?
I have not found it yet.
You are not unintelligent, you have a lack of knowledge.
Both, it is my fantasy and I can do what I want.
Not as a child, but as an adult, I cry each time I see it.
She was the best one, hands down.
It depends, they are probably about your personality, but not what you are going to do with your life.
I love Tyra, she has a great show, but Oprah is just great!
That is a very good question.
Most of No Doubt's older material is considered Ska.
God created the chicken and it laid an egg.
That wrestling C*ap is still on air?
I think Jessica Simpson is the uber-bimbo.
My girlfriend tried this on me last year.
I know some people do not like them, but still.
It is keeping me up at night, I have to know what it is.
I guess it is Beyonce Knowles. J-Lo is not intelligent.
Quit chewing the fat, I am cooking.
Do not use it to live by.
Real friends do not let drunk friends have sex with zombies.
I would also like to spank his cute little bottom because he is so cute!
Calm down, everything will be fine eventually.
We will just have to deal with it.
It is simple, less people like TabooBuster and Osama.
Try calling one of your radio stations or go to the web site Ask Jeeves.
You can find anything on eBay.
Can anyone give me this information?
I love that movie.
It is one of the funniest cartoons.
It appears to be a Dylan song, but I do not know which one.
Yes, I think he might be gay as well.
That is silly, so that you always need more of one or the other.
I do not know about the greatest ever, there is a lot.
Yes, this is a Korean singer who is really good.
The Omen, Jaws, The Exorcist, Carrie, and Scream are all scary movies.
How could anyone hate Tom Cruise?
It is a trick question because the weight is only one.
They all suck. Panget rock band is the best.
Especially when she was making fun of Jessica Simpson washing her car.
It is not close to a PSP, but it is close enough.
I do not know what that has to do with who is better looking, but okay!
I love Journey, Pink Floyd, The Police, The Eagles, and RUSH.
You can charge your Ipod while listening.
I hope no one is offended by the blonde joke.
If so, what do they do to you?
Resse Witherspoon is the actress and Zac Efron is the actor because he is good and attractive.
I would say Omarion. He has the hair, clothes, and body, a triple deal on one person.
Your mother is so stupid, she put a ruler on her pillow to see how long she slept.
It is not a big deal, so the movie industry knows gay is out there.
Check out 9 and a half weeks, when Mickey Rourke was very attractive.
I am not sure what is going to happen, but I am sure it will be good.
She could have done the voice of Mother Bates.
The blonde went home, got on her hands and knees, and started blowing on the tail pipe.
Does Wayne Brady have to choke a woman?
It depends on your taste in music and what you really like.
I love the City Sleeps song and If I Only Had a Brain. They are great!
Pick something more original next time.
I dream of Jeanie, of course!
No, I do not listen to her anymore.
I would love to spend a summer with him on Brokeback Mountain.
Why do you have to ask?
It is Tom Cruise, what do you expect?
They have some cords that you can buy.
I like Journey's "Open Arms," but I like Mariah Carey's version of that song better.
I almost forgot, The Boss!
Ask a better question next time.
I am excited to go to the Hershey factory tomorrow.
Do you know any other song they have?
Mine, well, I actually have a few favorites.
Definitely, but if you get enough points you can ask more.
The movie was very wordy.
It does not make sense. Wait, I get it, but it is still not funny.
Yes, and are you a lezbo?
I wish people would look at more than zodiac signs.
At a school talent show, she won first and Kevin lost.
I think most American rap is terrible anyway.
She is so talented that if she did not win, I would be very disappointed.
What kind of person are you to even ask that ridiculous question?
My favorite character is Jess, he is so cute.
You cannot rely on rumors.
Do not put any reality television on your show.
The show got a little freaky.
Yes, even I am bored here right now.
Well, I would probably pee myself first, then I would get out of there!
I am going to have to go with New Kids on the Block.
I spent my money, enjoyed myself, and did not lose more than I could afford. I won.
I want a gentleman, but with a manly edge.
Then you can get all or most of your money back.
I know it is cheesy, but I love this joke.
I think so, my turtle always does, he is healthy.
I am looking for the technical specification.
Wow, I am very dumb in my observation skills.
She is good physically, but I do not know her inside. I have never heard or seen about her inner beauty.
Your mother is so stupid, she tried to drown a fish.
Can I get some medication please?
La vie boheme and take me or leave me.
She asked, "How do you get to the other side?"
Best of luck, Kate.
I cannot remember when I last turned on my television.
The child was approximately 6-7 years old.
I agree, but if I see one more question about them on here, I am going to go crazy!
Did he want to die by his own hand? He did say, "Please."
Nicole Kidman is prettier and more sophisticated than Katie, and has way more versatility as an actress.
I love acting and my friend says that I am very good at it.
Explain to your parents that you really want to act.
I would run away, but first I would kick them in the face.
I probably would not vote for him, although I think that Melania would be the most attractive first lady ever.
No, she was sent home tonight.
Yes, who wouldn't want to marry sexy Keith Urban?
It is most likely done for dramatic effect.
Fidy Cent is fine and musclar.
I stopped liking rap because there are too many people.
A fart that makes your eyes water.
Most of the time, it is true.
Sarah, but he did not actually propose.
People simply beat on each other and scream.
A woman from my church, Lauren H.
If it was the Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles, then I would join them.
I am not always rock and screamo.
People are just unintelligent and want him money.
I am not going to die trying.
Call Disney and find out if there are any available.
I do not feel special anymore.
I will call you to help me.
No, but I cried when Simba's father died in Lion King. That was before the mood stabilizer prescription came about.
Youtube.com has a lot of funny ads from the past as well.
Here is me trying to sound out how it goes.
Why isn't a hemmoroid called an asteroid?
Your mother is so stupid that she put out the cigarette butt that was heating your house.
If they do come back, I hope not. Good luck!
My friend said that if you learn the most simple four notes, you can play the entire song.
If he is someone you like to be around, then I say go for it!
I really do not have a favorite movie.
I want to keep the baby, but I am afraid he will be a freak. Do you have any suggestions?
Yes, they were twins and played well. I believe one was named Heather and the other was Heidi.
Also, very attractive for an older man.
My name is Chuck Norris. My name says it all.
If my pet bird gets too flappy, my pet cat might eat it.
"She's like the wind" from Dirty Dancing.
I hope this is not a trick question, but I am thinking two.
I suppose he is a good enough looking guy. His wife is a God-fearing woman.
I love that show and I keep watching the reruns.
The police officer said, "It has your picture on it."
Charlie and the Chocolate Factory was cool. Here is the link for the movies that he was in.
No, you are insane for asking.
You are the only one, if you met those people on the way, it does not mean you take them all with you.
What if a dead person escapes from the cemetery?
Just enter a lot of talent shows.
My son loves it and I think it is cute as well.
Give me your funny dreams people!
How dare he call her children "orphans".
There have been hints in many of the stories about Archie marrying Betty.
It is equally offensive to everyone.
I am going to see them in May and I cannot wait!
It sounds strange, but try the Goodwill store. They have a lot of fancy stuff people don't want anymore.
Dress her up as a choirboy.
The only reason I watch it now is because Tom Welling is so attractive.
My favorite book is Naruto books.
Your mother is so stupid, she put lipstick on her forehead, talking about she was trying to makeup her mind.
My husband introduced me to it, but I have not watched much of it this season.
Yes, kind of. I guess not really. I have seen better.
Cry Me a River. I do not know who originally sang it.
Maybe I am just stupid, but I did not get it.
When I was nine years old, I received Milli Vanilli for my birthday.
Have you ever heard of a Kleenix?
I know I know you have seen funnier, but it still makes me laugh.
I was once told that I looked like Timothy Hutton, but I was young then.
In my opinion, it is very confusing and resembles a mini movie.
First, do not tell anyone you know you will never live it down.
If he is so bad a veggie that even eating animal crackers seems a crime, we cannot help it.
Jennifer Hudson sings "I Have Nothing."
If this is true, her twins will become giants.
My grandmother is very good with a cane.
I would choose "Gilmore Girls" because they are so sarcastic.
I think it turns red when he is angry and yellow when it is cold.
Vince Vaughn is very good looking and has sex with Hilarius.
Your mother is so stupid, when they said they were playing craps, she went and got toilet paper.
Well, if it is really you in the photo, then 15 shots of 151 I guess, straight!
Yes, they are all right. Good song.
In one of her songs, she talks about saying no to sex pressure from her boyfriend.
I have three: gjkcenvb, typlmkeg, and jhdenbds.
Before it was no egg, it was a chicken.
For modern music, I recommend "Paranoid Android" by Radiohead.
You need to rent the best thing.
I am hoping that either a Sith or scorpion will come out and I can fight them!
I think she did for the frame, but I am not sure.
I would say Brad Pitt, if he had not ended his relationship with Jennifer Aniston.
She could tick or treat over the phone.
Nothing a little Kryptonite would not fix.
I think she is going to leave him.
I would say Kellie, Katharine, Chris, and Ace.
The mask. I saw it over 100 times and I still laugh a lot.
Very close camping quarters, people stealing things, and at least ten children died from drug overdoses.
No, but free airfare, hotel, meal, and daytime expenses are paid.
Kazza or Limewire, and I think eztrackz.
Someone in between is the best of both worlds.
All of them are good movies, but you cannot rate them.
You can burn them as audio CDs, which makes them CDRs. Some players still do not play CDRs, though.
I do not agree with you.
If you are going to play the game, boy, you have to learn to play it correctly.
If you have to ask, the answer is no.
Because they want you to buy 40 of each: four packages of hotdogs and eight packages of buns.
Not everyone hates him, but I do not really like him that much.
Additionally, she is not very nice.
It goes like this: 1. Chris Brown, 2. Bow Wow, 3. Omarion.
My opinion would be to make one yourself.
I do not really want answers with, "Oh, that's sweet, just follow your dreams or something."
I am looking for Aladdin's cartoon television series on DVD. Where can I get it?
If one brick is 1.5 lbs and you have 1.5 bricks, then the answer would be 2.25lbs.
That all depends on what types of sites you like.
These animation studios sure like to orphan or partially orphan the kids.
He takes it for granted that people need proper humor.
I love hip-hop, rap, rock and pop, but my favorite genre of music is R&B.
Yes, because he is Chinese.
I do and I am way over 17 years old.
Great voice, and easy on the eye.
Who could come up with so many V words?
My sister looks like Karishma Kapoor, a very famous Hindi movie star.
Of course, the comic strips were and always will be awesome!
That is one way to keep it out of your system. Do not be stupid and use it!
Whatever makes you feel good.
A minute or so later.
The egg is frowning and looks a bit angry.
Come on, he can't even wipe his own butt, but he can speak intelligently?
Alan Moore is complaining that it is not.
I love the guitar player and how they can play in solos.
Did you really pay money to see that?
You better love them because they are more attractive than any of you boys out there.
I got porn even with Norton AntiVirus.
If she is not interested, then it is her loss.
You do not understand because you are blonde.
Yes, what is up with that?
Look to see if the baby is drooling from both sides of his mouth.
Why limit yourself to one thing?
In between because you want a man who knows what he wants and is good to you.
I was just talking about Faith No More.
"Diary of a Mad Black Woman" is funny.
I have it, it is a tune!
It sure helps to have a hottie staring at it!
I would get about three or four logs.
Lynn, because she is the funniest.
No online ringtones are ever free.
Saw was ten times better than Saw 2.
Your mother is so stupid, she thought a lawsuit was something you wear to court.
I had Milli Vanilli and a compilation of Air Supply songs.
What about romance, also known as "chick flik"?
He asked again, a little irritated. The girl says, "No."
Of course she is unintelligent. Her husband does not even love her, she is too weak.
How good of a president do you think he would be?
I worry when you get close to me.
What kind of animation do you do?
I dislike RBD as well. They are old men and housewives who dress like high school kids.
Maya's husband is Darnell, because he is so cute.
Are you referring to all actors who have ever played Superman?
Make one like that. It will make you happy, and it will make your pet bird flappy!
It is a simple plan, of course you better like them.
I really like that song, "True Love Ways."
I am glad that Gideon guy is gone. He was annoying.
Yes, it turned me into a human hose pipe.
Tupac would not go for that.
I hope it does not consume your brain from the inside out.
I think he would be more liked if he wasn't so outspoken about politics.
Try limewire.com. It is free, but you have to download it.
Of course, animal crackers are made to be delicious and cute.
It is one of my all time favorites.
If you haven't read it yet, doyle brunsen wrote an excellent book.
I did not choose them in the first place.
I just watched that movie M.C.
I do not know and I did not see it.
It depends on what kind of music you like. If you like rap, check out 2Pac's letter to my unborn.
That is the stupidest thing I have ever heard.
I know what they are called, udders.
I would like my CD to play in both my car's CD player and my walkman.
Your mother is so stupid that she sold her car for gasoline money.
I do because I am a girl and only lesbian pornos turn me on.
Do not worry, I am there for you.
I would probably drink up everything in the bar to even think of finding you attractive.
I apologize, I have not seen it yet, but everyone else has seen it for me.
That is a strange question. I do not like them both, but Salvador Dali is more talented.
Yes, and how did you get the beans above the frank?
I suppose they cannot eat gummi bears either.
People should not be afraid of their government, government should be afraid of their people.
They just want to express what they like and make a banging tune.
I would not want a funeral party thrown for me, but thank you anyway!
There was a brunette team and a blonde team.
I am not being mean, I am just letting you know.
She is as trampy as the others.
"Up In Smoke" by Cheech and Chong.
I have too many, but Maroon 5 and Life House are my favorites, and the all songs.
I love his music. It is sad that people accuse him of molesting children.
You love their song, which happens to be their most popular song.
That is sad because I grew up with one.
If you want to see a hot guy, look up Ville Valo or Bam Margera.
I have worked on yachts for the past 30 years and have met many celebrities.
Mine would be Milli Vanilli and Vanilla Ice and Snow.
If you are going to play the game, boy, you have to learn to play it correctly.
There are many men out there dreaming of a chance to date her.
Rabbit feet only work on people, not the rabbit they came from.
techno is a musical genre that grabs your spinal chord and makes it dance.
This is so funny, it has perverted humor to it.
It is a show for women.
I also used to work in government.
One man asked me, "Where is the fox from Mystic Pizza?"
If she has a cane, then you can run and not worry about her catching you.
I still am and Aaliyah was a good singer. I miss them both.
Your mother is so stupid, she thought Chubby Checkers was a game for fat people.
Yes, we are trying to be happy.
Bit by bit, you win my love.
I apologize, but I have never heard of it.
Steelers wheels, see the movie Reservoir Dogs.
I would have to say White Chicks and Dumb and Dumber.
That would be a good cartoon for Gary Larson. Two pigs laying in bed watching Deliverance.
Jerry Springer because David Letterman is not attractive.
I am sure Paris or Mandisa will win.
Thank you. I am bisexual as well, so that is why I asked.
The Rock is great for hot, steamy sex!
You met them on the way, but that does not mean that they went with you.
Yes, sometimes when I need a lot of help.
It must be mp3 and able to play on iTunes.
Perfect man knows who I am and approves.
So far, I have not heard that she has come back to Arkansas.
He is traveling all over the world, and he has a lot of postcards.
Why are all of my friends dissing my girlfriend?
Rubber Soul, Revolver, and Sgt. Pepper.
Wow, that was a hard one.
I love Harry Potter.
I do not know, but I think they would be just as pathetic as the Rolling Stones are now.
How do you mean, let you get to you?
My children and I love that show.
He just made me dinner.
Yes, I listen to them every morning.
The jeeney said they had three wishes, one for each of them.
Have you ever listened to Mad Season? If not, you really should.
Yes, sometimes, but it is fun reading them and always remember the positive things, forget about the negatives.
Girls feel that they have to be like celebrities or no one will like them, but that is not true.
He is the goofball in all of us.
I do not or cannot have an outgoing life.
I quit in my late twenties.
Do not even get me started listing them.
Manchurian Candidate and Mean Girls. Yes, Mona Lisa Smile.
He picked Sarah, but there is a rumor that they have already broken up.
Tell him that you want to marry him.
Girlfriends is one of my favorite shows.
His girlfriend is a singer.
Best Buy has a lot of hard to find movies and series.
Do we really want them to get together?
You could also try Wedding Crashers or The 40 Year Old Virgin.
Please be quiet and drive by Chely Wright.
There was a female brunette, a blonde, and a redhead walking down a street.
She saw a blonde on the other side.
I hope that answers your questions.
A gentleman with me, and a thug when needed.
I also like them because they are so cute!
Now think about how many people he is hurting by keeping all his money for himself.
Secondly, I would pick yellow card, then simple plan, bowling for soup, and finally red hot chilli peppers.
I think celebrities are a horrible influence.
There is a funny joke for rap.
Tom Cruise is in it, which to me is the definition of a movie that looks bad.
I do not know, but they will look good together.
She has a lot more movies than Katie.
She used to be a role model to young girls.
Please provide an answer, I really want to know.
I do not look back on another song by Gary.
Who are you looking for? Is it me?
I just tried to pull those dangly things!
I did not realize that you were also a police officer.
Yes, is it 2D or 3D?
However, I am a pure veggie and I love them.
Iiano, but that is a good song.
I bet he would be better than Bush.
Try purevolume.com. There are free mp3 downloads there.
A man that went to my husband's school. Please provide a urine sample.
I missed it last night, but I want Kevin to go.
I just got an mp120 and am looking for good sites to download music from.
Is this Zombie your boyfriend?
Those Scientology rituals, rueles, or whatever they are are just weird.
Paris is Queen Bimbo, Jessica is just one of her many minions.
The mosquito stops sucking after you slap it.
Name your favorite movie actress or actor.
Try horseback riding. I hear that is pretty risky. I hear Christopher Reeve actually died from it!
I do not like them. They sound awkward to me.
Please tell Hollywood to stop remaking classics.
Perhaps you are referring to The Apartment from the 1960's.
I do not know, maybe you will find it on her website.
The brick will not follow you around after you lay it.
I tried to do a gun the other day, but it wasn't mine.
I think sometimes they are, but do not center your whole life around them.
I think if you are famous enough, you will not have time to sit here and answer questions.
One of them is Aishwarya Rai, an Indian celebrity.
They had a lot of good stuff in the 1990's.
I just wanted to tell you that I love Superman!
I tape things on tape, but I watch DVR's.
Yes, I watched it and I loved it.
I am a big fan of Green Day.
That is not funny. I do not think she will appreciate it.
They are a pretty good band. I like them a little.
Guns n Roses. Why did Axel's ego have to destroy our generation's rolling stones?
Tyra is a lot more pretty.
It is good to have a guy that can treat you nicely, but at the same time act like a gangster.
One of my best friends is a Cap.
Three if you are members, but two zs in ZZtop.
Many of my friends think about them as well.
Do you know good places to become a movie star in New England?
I like a guy that may be a bit of a bad boy.
Your mother is so large that when she is thrown in the air, she gets stuck!
I believe it was Edwin Starr.
It is pretty big if you are chewing bubbly.
All I need is money and love.
It is talking about how he will not betray or leave her.
Eight mile is the real deal.
Angel Baby (remixed by Mr.Kapony) reminds me of my old angel baby.
You people here who say you love American Idiot are not intelligent.
Let me guess, you are a republican.
Does anyone know what the url is?
That way, you get to do the dumping first.
However, anyone could have said that!
I am the first, but I do not need to submit. After me, I guarantee at least ten more.
Raveena Tandon is known to throw a mean punch, so watch out!
What about "The Cowboys" when John Wayne kicks the crap out of Bruce Dern?
It will take a little while to get used to it.
Use a tissue and throw it away.
He sounds like a nice guy.
They know they are not getting a good seat.
I ate the chicken and then I ate his leg. That is from a Beastie Boys song. Egg man?
Otherwise, ACDC is the best and Bon Scott is the coolest singer of all time.
"7th Heaven" is okay, but it is not relatable at all.
Imagine what this person can do and how they can get away with it.
peedy Gonzales was annoying as hell, and Tom and Jerry were too innocent.
"Slither" or "Stay Alive" are good movies.
I went to St Ives. The man and all his problems were going the other way.
If it is like most, they should ask their advertising agency.
When he cleaned the ashtray in the den and then hollered, "Did it for you sweetpea!"
This question reminds me of that song.
That is hot. I love Tinkerbell, though.
George Clooney is very attractive.
It is time to move on.
The only way is to use a sharing program like Limewire.
I love it. I also love Verionca Mars.
Do not tell anyone that I told you, okay?
From Buffalo, NY, thank you again.
Your age. That one is old.
Rie-rie definitely deserves the points on this one, good work!
You know the Beta team from YA are all wanting to answer these questions.
I do not think, but I am just throwing a reasonable name out there instead of my honest opinion.
No, the banjo player would not.
Lin took the words right out of my keyboard.
Yes, I tried that one in another costume, not Mickey, I just smile when somebody takes a picture of me.
I love both of them, especially Aaliyah. They are in heaven smiling down.
From men McCartney and Lindsay Lohan.
Chris Ace or Taylor for the guys, and Mandisa Katherine Lisa for the girls.
My family is nothing like that.
Is it him, his music, or both?
If there is a fist fight between the two, then the rock would win.
Not as awkward as some whiny brat crying about his daddy and skateboard.
I saw something on TV that said he did. Is it true?
They jumped on the bandwagon and made the term so vague that it barely means anything anymore.
I love Abercrombie and My ID.
Paris Hilton is a vicious, repugnant, and skanky whore with neither brains nor talent.
Maybe you can use these for next year.
How much does it weigh? Is that what you were getting at?
Are you a fan of them or something?
Red hot chilli peppers, simple plan, bowling for soup, yellow card, or fall out boy.
I am fairly certain that it was Kiss.
Friday, Next Friday, Friday After Next, or White Chicks.
The blonde speeder digs in her purse, can't find it, then asks, "What does my license look like?"
That is my and my boyfriend's song.
What do you mean, "Bad stuff"?
Snoopy Come Home was the best!
No, I do not know, maybe they are jealous.
I did not watch his movies because I did not think he was attractive.
I have loved Green Day since Dookie and I still love them today.
My brother looks like Kathy Bates, only ugly.
He could be strange, but he is not bad.
Your mother is so stupid that she stole free bread.
Get a webcam, record yourself, and then youtube it.
Chris's number looked like the encore at a Genesis concert.
I am going to go with the cow.
The drunk gets mad and says, "Go screw your sister."
We spell "color" as "color" and it is not c o lin Powell, it is C o lin.
I love Lonely Nation and Golden.
I think it has to be the end of the third film.
I used to love him, but I no longer do. I do not really hate him.
Roll them into a nice tight ball and then flick them.
I cannot touch this. It is in "Charlies Angels Full Throttle" but I do not know who sings it. Please help.
All he could hear was, "Breathing in, breathing out, breathing in, breathing out."
He just needs to R.E.S.P.E.C.T. for me and my friends.
He needs to keep his hands where they belong.
I have no idea, but dubbing sucks.
Eight mile is good, but it is old.
I am not gay just to let you know, but you should already know Beyonce will always be better looking.
You could try researching it on Google or try Best Buy and Blockbuster.
Either Full House or The Fresh Prince of Bell-Air.
Does anyone know of a web sight for a casting call?
It all depends on where you are getting your horoscope from.
Mine is Sublime, they are great.
I love it as well as stupid girls that sing that song.
He takes off and never goes home.
I do not know. The man who created the names had A.D.D.
Your mother is so stupid, she tried to mail a letter with food stamps.
I like Classic Rock, but I will listen to any kind. Rap never got into it.
Count me in, but I do not remember the names.
Only a man would do this.
You are yelling, not singing.
It depends on what you think a miracle is.
It is Paris Hilton, but I do not care for either one.
It wasn't on because of the game, and the new episode comes out March 27th. I can't wait!
Your mother is so stupid that she thought a quarterback was an income tax refund.
Your mother is so stupid, she got hit by a cup and told the police that she got mugged.
I am glad, Stacie!
On a picnic we will go.
My bum is already burnt. Wow, you're smelling great!
What is your favorite movie and why?
I loved all of his movies, including "Bewitched" and "Elf."
Wait, are you gay or something?
He is hanging, is that water at his feet?
He probably said something like, "We're not real."
Jessica Simpson is unintelligent.
Because Kevin and Katharine are getting suspicious.
Probably Natasha Bedingfield or James Blunt, although they both suck really bad.
MJ will not have another hit album.
I like to watch them with my boyfriend.
It is kind of neat. I might try it myself.
Nightmare on Elm Street series used to be scary, and I like horror.
You do not pay for Limewire, it is free.
My favorite band is Dream Theater and my favorite song is Always Changing.
I am almost positive it was him.
They are not, it is just a form of entertainment, a silly sort of competition.
I love her and she is amazing.
The parents stopped and his mother quickly announced, pulling the covers around her.
I have a VHS, but I never use it. DVDs are in and will be for a long time.
There is too much sexual content and cursing in rap music.
He got so scared that he jumped and had a heart attack.
He said that he was an evil man.
I like that she is funny, but they make her a little ho-ish and she is a moocher.
A southern gentleman for a southern belle.
Zap was the main killer's accomplice, the dead guy in the room.
The site used to say something about the sequel, but I am not sure when it is coming out.
I do not want an opinion, I need the source from where you got it.
It is just me and the stars. He would be my sex slave going where, but I can't finish because it is too cliche.
She flips the alligator over and yells, "Drat, this one doesn't have shoes either!"
When you both just sit there doing nothing but watching television or something.
Who makes fun of an orphan?
For example, John enjoys collecting manga straight from Japan.
Until the next season of the show.
I am still trying to pick myself off the floor.
Just act like you have done it before and kick some ass.
That means all of them have green dots.
Who do you think is better?
Yes, I feel I am an attractive person.
I do not have a favorite band, but my favorite singer is Mariah Carey.
She is just a tomboy and a good athlete, that does not make her gay!
I am a big Superman fan. I bet you can tell by now.
I do not know if everyone does, but I sure do!
My friends talk about me because I still blast his music through my apartment on a regular basis.
Why do you only have 1.5 bricks?
I think they got the point.
He took a nice Catholic girl and turned her into a scientology freak. Katie Holmes is extremely naive.
DVD's have taken over the world.
Personally, I do not like any artist over another.
There is no such thing.
I think Gretchen Wilson is pretty.
Randy is strange at times, Paula seems weak, and Simon seems cruel at times.
It did not make any sense to me.
Illutions always deceive you, so do not believe them.
I am watching Never Been Kissed. Well, not really, but it is what I am watching right now.
Yes, sometimes I like to listen to it.
It is obviously a hypothetical question, but I am curious about other opinions.
That is like "Brokeback Mountain" for little John Wanye.
I have the cassette tape, but I want to get that album on CD.
I am sure you will both like it.
To stop the zombies from wandering around town.
No, but I know a guy.
Your boss likes you, perhaps a little too much.
It is all about fear.
Email me, maybe we can be friends.
What did the Beaver say to the log?
I thought it was him, too, but I can't say for sure.
For every hand to be up, you would have to have had a green dot.
Not me, I used to be in orchestra.
I wipe them on the floor or bed.
Put her in a circular room and tell her to sit in the corner.
Also, work on your self image. It sounds like that is not very good right now.
He wanted to eat the mouse.
No, I find this man to be disgusting.
I do. I am not conceited, but I do think I am pretty.
Of course you should keep the baby. It is your fault that you wanted to play, but now you have to pay.
If Floyd could do it, I am sure the Beatles could as well.
Sleepy, Grumpy, Doc, Sneezy, Happy, Dopey, Bashful!
Tell them the phone bill and rent are due.
They have turned into long jokes. What has seven arms and sucks?
One muffin looks to the other and says, "Gee, it is getting kinda hot in here!"
I would not kick either of them out of bed.
He better not let her go.
No matter your looks, do not dress that way. People might think you are gay.
I have the newest one and I get movies, music, pictures, and documents.
You should buy the soundtrack.
Also, she needs to get a job.
If there is anyone out there that completely understood the movie, can you please tell me?
"Everything She Does Is Magic" by The Police.
Pilot Inspektor, Rainbow, those are celeb kids names. There are some other ones, but I forgot them.
What did we ever do to these men that made them so violent?
Even The Cure has love songs, but most of their stuff is pretty dark.
My favorite genre of music is R&B.
I love Jim Carrey and it makes me happy.
He does not need to change anything.
Your mother is so stupid, her shoes say "TGIF" because toes go in front.
I wish I could meet my favorite rap music bands.
Or the lame Toronto Zoo answer: Woodchucks can't chuck wood.
On the way to the end, the chicken goes, "Weeeee!"
I have not lost an item yet.
I liked Rudy when she was little and Theo when he was in high school.
It might be an interesting show, but I never got into it at all.
No one will forget TLC. They made the anthem for girls, "I Don't Want No Scrub."
I like Joan because she is the most like me.
He gave us a song to keep dreaming with, and many of us do.
It depends on how much or what kind of gum you chew.
Showgirls, yes I am ripping off that line, but true is true.
I do not think she ever had it to begin with.
You really do not want to meet women in bars anyway. Have fun this weekend!
You are not, you simply lack self-confidence.
Try to download 360 Share on your computer.
It depends on who this elder is and why they are beating me with the cane.
The Chinese get the Rizza, the Jizza, and the Ghost Face Killer.
Other than that, I cannot think of anyone else.
Are you talking about MPH or RPM?
Your mother is so stupid, she got stabbed in a shoot-out.
Texas Chainsaw Massacre is the new version.
If you have money, buy a Taylor or Martin.
Forget it, you wouldn't understand. Well, at least I still have my Peggy Sue.
I agree, it is an excellent show.
How come no one mentioned Evil Dead?
Jesus Christ looks like me.
Are you referring to people in uniform?
Therefore, it must be the chicken.
I would pretend to fight them, then fall and pretend to be dead.
It is easy, Shakespeare in Love and Romeo and Juliet are great romantics.
Paris Hilton is not far behind.
However, he has a little slang to his walk.
Well, so much for guessing yours!
Your mother is so unattractive that the cops gave her a ticket for indecent exposure.
You must be too young, otherwise you would definitely know.
It looks interesting to me, and what is it about?
I do not know, and I really do not care.
They are not promiscuous, Jessica is a declared genius.
They always had pizza around, too!
All of my votes are going to Taylor Hicks.
What were you and your father doing?
Hello, I believe you meant psychic.
I love Smallville, so of course I want to see who else loves Smallville.
Some songs are "1,2, Step" by Ciara.
Two points were scored on that one.
Her IQ is around 145, and Paris is not unintelligent.
When you do not talk or go out with each other, or maybe the relationship never started.
You will not go wrong if you watch this one.
I do know who Bam is, however.
I love the sound of the two together.
Do you know the drummer from Blink 182?
I believe it is forever or something similar.
If you call information, they will give it to you in a snap.
Because I am a girl, I prefer Adam Sandler and Rob Thomas.
I need to know because I cannot sleep.
I suppose that means Simon likes blondes.
Who will fear beautiful women?
For me, it is definitely Jessica Alba and Angelina Jolie.
I loved all of the characters and Bill Cosby was so funny without being crude.
I do not know who Ville is.
I do not think he loves her.
Neither. I am not a big fan of either.
Celebrities are why there are so many anorexic girls now.
How would you feel if someone threw you a funeral party at the age of 60 or 70?
I am listening to it right now.
Angelina Jolie is more attractive.
Why don't you urge the television management?
Your mother is so stupid that she went to Disney, saw the sign that Disney left, then turned around and went home.
What were you and your father doing?
I totally love them. They are so hor. Who else out there are dogs that love Blink 182?
I just saw it last week.
I love it because it is so funny.
Who knows, I guess it was just their time.
If that is the case, you can wait a little longer, can't you?
In an interview, boss, what is your wife's name?
I do not want to brag or anything, but I really do rock!
I thought it was Missouri (St. Louis).
I choose Angelina Jolie, even though it is awful that she stole Brad from Jennifer.
I also thought Naomi Watts dress was odd and a little too large for her as well.
I enjoy rap and rock music.
I would love to see either of them win.
My father and I have bought about 1000 items together.
Tom Welling looks a lot like the vocalist of The All-American Rejects.
I do not think so. I do not hate him.
I do not need to be homosexual.
What kind of person throws a funeral party?
Thank you for letting me vent about this band.
I would definitely choose My Chemical Romance.
I do not trust anyone who cannot find at least one Sublime song they like.
Tell him that you think you might be pregnant.
Duran Duran, Madonna, One Woman Band, Alabama, Exile, and how could I forget Air Supply!
I do not believe your mother is unintelligent.
You are going to have to take guitar classes.
I will not let you get to me either.
The blonde in the boat said, "This is like a sea of wheat."
Do not let it bother you.
He is a businessman, and he spends money on whatever he wants.
Hoopz does not want Flav at all.
Stop being negative and get on with your life.
Paris is a dumbass, no talent, and Jessica is just brain dead.
The last song of Madonna's which I liked was American Pie. Sorry, but I think her time is almost up.
I do not believe Britney Spears is unintelligent, although some of the things she may do are unintelligent.
It is one of the best songs out there.
It depends on what you are eating.
I like the song "So Sick" by Ne-Yo.
But he has to be a gentelmen because he has to have a good job that pays good money.
She is the greatest talk show host ever!
I do not watch American Idol, but I do watch Kevin and Nelly.
Beyonce because she is younger and can dance better.
Especially when the chicken chases the guy in the end.
I do not consider that a song.
Yes, and he is very attractive.
I have four favorites, Aerosmith, Def Leopard, AC/DC, and Boston.
If you ask me, it is a little too excited.
Jennifer Love Hewitt's birthday is a day after mine, and I like her.
Why do they try to sound British?
Not everyone hates him, but that is why some people dislike him.
I do not think there is any chord like that.
Put icyhot or bengay I in his undergarments or on his deoderant.
Your mother is so stupid that she thought she needed a token to get on Soul Train.
Are you referring to the 50 Cent movie "Get Rich or Die Trying" or Eminem's "8 Mile"?
A great gift for the wife is a pocket Taser stun gun.
It would be great if they did a special reunion episode or something. I love that show.
What are you doing back there? Let's go!
Zack Efron is the hottest guy alive.
Burger King is creepy.
Not me, but I know a lot of people that do.
You can get your information for free.
I cannot wait to see the new movie.
If you do not like them, please do not answer.
I rather like Lucius Malfoy.
Tonto looks at the Lone Ranger and says, "Doctor say you are going to die!"
It costs $10 per ticket to see movies multiple times a week.
I do not know, but I have another one: Your mother is so large that she had to get baptized at sea.
Is it Rachel Fuller's "Into My Heart"?
Then I changed to Nsnyc. Now I'm onto Stephen speaks.
They are obviously unintelligent, not confused.
Moriaty, but who did the Peruvian play?
Well, it is not really a book, but it is a long comic.
I will be different and say vagina.
I just need the name of the movie. Thank you.
They are one of the best bands out there.
We call it a Moo Moo, but she calls it a lingere.
How do you know if a blonde has used the computer?
I would not believe that anyone could care.
Yes, sometimes I do not come home until late.
Boulevard of Broken Dreams and their new song Wake Me Up When September Ends.
She used to sing with People.
Rock, we heard more great rock stars, while not very much great rap singer.
My little brother would ask something like that.
Jason Momoa from Baywatch Hawaii and North Shore.
I loved all of the CB movies and specials.
Yes, there is a reset button.
They make you think of who you are with and love them more than you already do.
I would prefer a bad boy (thug) with a gentleman side.
"California Girls" by David Lee Framerly with Van Halen.
It is one of the best and original movies that I have ever seen.
And with a great deal of therapy, may even walk again.
Greenday, what happened to you?
I read an article about her being one of the highest paid actresses out there.
I do not know. I think that is the worst show ever.
Your mother is so stupid, she thought the internet was something you catch fish with.
The man is like a fine wine, it gets better with age.
Being a long time Def Leppard fan, I would have to pick any and all from them.
I must have seen it in 1986. I barely remember all the details. Can someone help?
I believe that would be M.C.
It is the perfect answer, do you not think so?
Good question. Simon kind of stumped me with that one too.
I have not missed a single episode.
Do I have to spell it out for you?
You are correct.
Reel Big Fish and Chronic Future are a couple. They are awesome, plus the classics like AC/DC, etc.
You should talk to people who work for Disney.
I am not very fond of Billie.
Your mother is so stupid that she took a spoon to the superbowl.
Your mother is so stupid that she sold the car for gas money.
There are not any words that rhyme with orange.
It is an awesome band with awesome vocals and lyrics.
Yes, try an Aries, that is the one I was using.
If you will put where you live, I can give you a better one.
I really liked that movie, but I did not find Brad Pitt attractive in it.
However, I do not watch him very often.
Is there anyone famous on here?
Go to limewire.com and download it.
Captain Picard, I like bald men and his accent.
This does happen, like in Batman when he was receding and that blond guy took over for a bit.
However, he has the heart of a gentleman.
The brunette team leader said to the blonde team leader, "What are you guys doing?"
Alternatively, you could cheat. That is the second easiest way to win.
Taylor Hicks. Why? Because he is infectious with great talent. Taylor Hicks all the way!
Can anyone help me with this?
I love it because I love the show and she goes on for so long before she dies.
It reminds me of an old Beatles song.
Purple and Music I think are two.
He is crawling around without feet.
The movie is double teamed.
I am with a gentleman, but he does not take crap from anyone.
Why is he not in jail?
Yes, he stood on a block of ice.
The Joker first appeared in comics in 1940 in Batman #1.
By the way, I do believe it is sung in French.
I cannot wait to ask my husband.
The other thing you look for is, does he have good feedback?
I like rap, 4everrr, also I like metal, and rap/rock, like Linkin Park, but plain rock sucks.
The man says, "Oh, I do not know."
You have to really listen to the song.
A girl owns a chicken and goes to the rollercoaster with it.
I do not know what you are talking about.
She is not a very good singer, either.
Maya, hands down. She is sarcastic and down to earth.
I just told you what it was.
There is one ZZ in ZZ Top.
Any movie Chuck Norris is in is a horror movie.
I hope not because that is very scary.
Why post an old joke like that?
They did not do anything with it, maybe it is a future storyline.
InDEPENDENCE DAY is a little more sci fi, but can be considered a disaster movie?
No one ever had to worry about the chicken again.
I gave him a cane with a bicycle horn attached to it and he thought it was hilarious.
I believe more people listen to rap music.
A little love, a box of wine, and that man-o-mine!
I had that dream when I was about ten years old and I still remember it.
You fool, you already have a Star Wars name!
She is pretty and has good music. I am a music freak. I have all of her and Destiny's Child's CD's!
"Cry, Cry Baby" by Janis Joplin.
Is that going to happen after 4000 years?
I am looking for female impersonator clothes to buy and to look and or wear.
Check out this website. They list many TV sitcoms on DVD.
Your mother is so stupid, she put a phone up her ass and thought she was making a booty call.
I like maybe two of the songs, but the rest sound like garbage.
He is just too cute, plus he is old. I have always liked old bald men.
It was not the most hilarious, but it was great!
How many girls played drums then?
Chris is going all the way.
I like his music as well.
Tell him that you think you are pregnant, but the child is not his.
National Lampoons Christmas Vacation is very funny.
Like in the new HBO show Big Love.
Flav is a lot older than her.
Yes, I was good, but now I am evil.
Have you ever seen "Father of the Bride" with Steve Martin in it?
It was sung by a girl, I need you more and more.
There are some good songs. No white songs like Metallica.
It had to be the chickin.
I turned my ears away.
Beasty Boys, seriously. Bone Thugs and Harmony.
It is not that they are embarrassing as much as they suck and oh do they suck.
If Geeta is Ram, then who is RAM?
Ghost Rider is from Hell. I think he has a bit of evil in him.
The blonde on the highway says, "It is blondes like you that make blondes like me look so stupid."
You have 1 and a half bricks. 1.5 + 1.5 = 2.25.
I swore I saw that crazy guy who tried to frame Tony last night on NCIS.
How do you get a Catholic girl pregnant?
How many songs, artists, and albums?
I can pick up things with my toes. It really grosses out my husband.
She is definitely not the same anymore.
I suppose yours is not the only one.
I am just asking because people act like they do not care about them anymore.
The year 1961 looks the same if you flip it upside down.
I want to know what people think because I sure feel that way.
You decide, but I would say yes.
What kind of question is that?
Can you just see him in that awful green-striped rugby shirt?
They received a postcard from him a few weeks later.
No, but my wife loves it.
If it is an old car, roll down the window. If not, then unlock the door.
The show "7th Heaven" has younger kids and problems.
She has become pathetic and she is just there.
I still drum on my steering wheel and anything else I can find.
No, but Peter Gabriel was in Genesis.
Please contact me by email.
It just happens naturally. That has happened to me before.
Two muffins are baking in an oven.
It has drool all over it.
Nice gnawing you. How do you stop burglars from breaking into your house?
How many hits has she had?
I would have to say Will Farrell.
I find him very attractive.
I love the hair metal.
My favorite classic is "The Golden Girls." Is that considered classic?
Yes, they knew without a doubt that you are a mentally unstable moron with a serious LSD problem.
Everyone gets a chance to ride her!
It is funny at 60, but not so much at 80.
He is easy to dislike.
I knew you would ask that question.
ABBA of course. They ruled those days and even now I do not think they have lost their popularity.
I need help on this reaserch project.
I know how to read tabs.
I am glad I have this to do.
No, not if she survives, or any of her family.
I believe her name is Roxy, and she is a good student.
Yes, I love it because it gives me something to do because I am blind due to my Crohn's disease.
I think she is adorable. In that "I'm going to steal your man because I can" way.
I did not even know they all existed.
I do not know, but I want that 2, like at the end of the movie. Try searching online.
He used to be a hard rocker.
She is only famous for her family's money.
I like Kirstie Alley. She is good, cool, and does not give a s*it about all that.
Your name is really good acting. If she takes this seriously, I think she can go far!
Is there a goos tool for mixing songs?
It would be very wrong.
She dies in episode 310, "Losing the Light." It is very sad.
That was not a nice thing to do.
This riddle is old news.
That said, Aerosmith, AC/DC, Van Halen, and Metallica have all done great stuff, too.
I do not care about the question, but you are very attractive.
He is incredible. He took my breath away.
He is so attractive that I do not understand why Hermione will not stay with him.
He gave his opponent a look that said, "Don't mess with me!" and went at it.
Any movie with Jim Carrey in it.
It would be better if you could sing that song in front of her.
I throw chili cheese dogs at my grandma all the time.
I tried to like him, but I just can't.
Yes, I like their songs very much.
A chicken, a hyena, and a jackal.
The third one was also good, but I felt it was too long.
I would use the baseball beat to break the window.
Queen Amadala and Anakin, of course.
Capricorn has the kind of drive that Scorpio respects.
I like their music, but they have too many tattoos for me.
Does "gay" still mean "happy"?
A tomboy does not make a lesbian.
Monk, The Dukes of Hazzard, Miami Vice, and The Simpsons.
I like almost all rock music.
The song "I caught fire" by The Used.
I know ways in which they could have made it worse.
Just turn it on and off.
LP stands for "LINKIN PARK" as well.
What do we have now?
Do not whine about being broken up with someone.
Rock music is disgusting and has no rhythm.
Can you not just rhyme the words with themselves?
The parents stopped and his mother quickly announced, pulling the covers around her.
Your mother is so stupid that it takes her two hours to watch 60 Minutes.
I have known people to urinate in their pants.
My aunt just sent me a CD with an amazing tenor named Josh Groban.
Screw it back in and give it a try.
They are all over the place there.
Ice blue, and you can see it's breath and it will have icicles on it's nose.
I am just joking, but they are very funny.
I would choose magic over glow any day.
Thank you very much if anybody can help!
No, I think they are stupid.
Good luck trying to break into my lock!
Do you think three people in a band is a good amount?
Is it a salmon or some other fish?
Now you can get some sleep.
The movie "Final Destination" was good, but there was bad acting. "Saw" is still on my list.
He is so funny and he seems so sweet.
You will have an experience to back it up.
I love Tyra, but I have to go with Angelina Jolie.
The Schindler's List is the best movie I have ever seen.
The boy says that you are wasting your time.
He will not say anything to the female parrot.
'I just called to say 'I love you' is great!
Ask her out and treat her like a lady. Tell her she is the one you are dreaming of.
I would not throw my chili cheese dog at her and she is not going to beat me either.
Because of her, I am writing music with a happy tone.
I would not know for sure because I have only seen Tyra Banks show.
Orlando Bloom or Chad M Murray are both very attractive.
I think they are somewhat true. I believe in ruling planets a lot.
If I download any In Flames song, the RIAA cannot sue me, right?
I want to listen to good music, but I do not know what to listen to.
Well, babysit, I do not know. Good luck looking for a job!
An evil fake b...h who should be put in jail for false advertising.
I have never heard of them, but the actual awards are so funny.
Just play and have fun, and maybe you will be lucky and win.
I have seen the movie as well.
Lord of the Rings: Return of the King.
Say you are pregnant, but do not say it is from someone else.
Chris and Kelly are my favorites.
Yes, I heard they broke up as well.
Yes, he is very attractive and his music is excellent.
The first time I saw your face.
Who sings the song? I do not like the looks of it.
I personally do not believe in them.
Your mother is so unintelligent that she called Dan Quayle for a spell check.
I am not a scary woman, so I can do all the things that they do.
What in the world do you mean?
No, he said that he liked her. That is what the rumor was.
A genetic supercool monster full of charm, humour, and good looks.
What is the maximum speed a couple can make love?
I was reading an answer of yours and I am impressed. You are cool.
Also, he looks very creepy.
She is just a useless slob making money over other people's problems.
It depends on the type of gum you are chewing.
Yes, I know, that was lame.
I am the only person in the entire country that does not think Dave Chappelle is funny.
The doctor said, "What on earth have you been up to?"
One of you would have to sing.
Why don't you share where you are from?
Oprah of course, because she gives better advice and has done it longer.
I have liked them since I was a child.
I like how Maya keeps it real.
You should take the baby to the movies.
I think it is a bit cheezy to name it Jet, but maybe I should name it Jet.
Have you ever heard the last song on "The Albulm Having a Roni"?
Your mother is so unattractive that she scares buzzards off of a meat wagon.
I would like to make Fullmetal Alchemist videos.
Beyonce cannot sing, dance, or act, and Rihanna can not either.
That is a funny question.
Jerry, Jerry, Jerry. He must have picked up some skills after seeing all those fights up close.
People wonder why he is not married.
There is a song that I do not know what it is.
I believe most women think "wow Carmen Electra looks good" and move on.
Paris Hilton, but Jessica is right under her.
I like oldies, old school rap, rap, pop, anything but hard rock.
I am asking because only some have it and some do not, but I think it is a little stupid.
I think they make a cute couple. I am happy for them.
Not at all, I do not think in Spanish either. They rap about stupid stuff.
I am famous for inventing a hanger.
What is your question, loser?
I cannot think of the title of the song.
Mix in some commonly known songs as well.
That sounds good to me. How about the rest of you?
Saw II is very gorey. I like it and Mean Girls and Shark Tale. I have kids.
Anything is possible, all you have to do is dream.
Even if you dislike that type of music, you love Green Day.
My favorite actress is Julia Roberts and my favorite actor is Johnny Depp.
George Clooney would win if it comes to wit.
I am not a fan of rock music, but I do not like George Clooney.
I do not really live here.
I met a girl whose name was Cherry Fudge.
Red Hot Chillis are very popular.
I think it is very enjoyable to read.
I love old style Nintendo, Mario Brothers, and softball.
Well, there is no drink.
No, he did not die, he is just old.
How does your friend not know that show?
Hello, I am Elvis. You might have heard of me.
I did hear the joke about Bjork and Chaney.
I do not like Nicole Kidman and I do not care if she came from here.
Your mother is so stupid that she makes Beavis and Butt-Head look like Nobel Prize winners.
Can anybody tell me what the title of Kill Bill's song is?
I am Sam and Hollywood Bollywood.
Your mother is so stupid, if brains were dynamite, she wouldn't have enough to blow her nose.
Goo Goo Dolls and Relient K are awesome!
I hope you find this amusing.
I love Limewire and it is great to get the latest music.
There are taxes, gas, inflation, and my ego.
The key is that you fell asleep.
Although, all three are just one big movie.
Blockbuster or any video store that sells children's movies.
Fall Out Boy is my favorite band.
I do not know who any of them are.
She wanted children and got married. She did it and will not end up regretting it.
One bottle of Captain Morgan will do the trick. I am heading up north, meet me at the library.
Be creative and come up with something to challenge us.
The song "It's Chico Time" by Chico is very embarrassing.
U2, Bon Jovi, Coldplay, and Three Doors Down.
What is wrong with this girl?
I hate it and cannot take it any longer.
For example, Shuichi likes to read manga everyday.
Do not refer to it as a Christian band.
It is very easy to pick up.
My favorite song is "The Pleasure of My Company" by Steve Martin.
Gentleman, and I thank God everyday for the one that I have!
Just kidding, mc hammer, back when he had money and fame.
Are you gay? People are so stupid. Did you see Donnie Darko?
I love the guitar and drums.
Any movie Natalie Portman chooses is pretty good. She has picked some great roles so far.
The worst I have had is broken items.
I do not like them at all.
It is the best metal band ever!
I own the Vanilla Ice CD.
You know they always think that the stupidest things are funny.
If so, who are you and why are you famous?
I love her powers to freeze and blow things up.
I made this up, but I can't tell if people think it is funny or not.
I think they both stink. If I had to pick one, it would be Italian job.
Girls need to be a little of everything.
Watching the baby cow suck on the mommy cow.
It ended. You can get it on DVD if you want to see Shawn.
Not really, but that is just my opinion.
I used to like it, but now it frightens me.
In my opinion, the movie was impressive.
Why are you wasting this question?
It is my second favorite television program, second only to The Simpsons.
Not long, if they were even really together at all.
Under the Tuscan sun with Diane Lane.
I am in my own little world and everyone likes me there.
Why do some men think it is funny when they fart?
I hope you got the answer that you were looking for.
When you do not miss that person anymore, your eyes do not light up.
I do not know. Have you never tried the stuff?
I do not know, but I hope they do not get married because he does not deserve her.
Was I supposed to pick one?
Let's get together.
I loved her in the 1980's.
Do they erase it all the time?
My favorite English song is Kiss from a Rose by Seal.
I like them both, but I want to see what you think.
Yes, I think I got it.
Anime is an animation version of a manga.
My mother is a Taurus, while my father is a Scorpio. They are still happy together, so I would say yes!
I can email it to you. If that does not work, try Limewire.
If they do not like him, that is fine.
He wishes he could tap into that.
It is most likely ACDC or Guns N Roses.
I have been wanting to get back into it because it was sounding pretty darn good.
The song is Dirty Little Secret by The American Rejects.
He did not want to be a bigamist.
The roommate rolled her eyes and said, "Well, hello!"
It is funny, but it is really stupid.
She has great songs like "Check Up On It" with Slim Thug.
What are we supposed to do?
I am not looking for an Aladdin movie.
If they ask for cash only and no pay pal, then they are going to scerw you.
It is unfortunate that he retired at the age of 40.
Well, they probably cannot see anything at first.
I am glad someone finally asked this question!
No, I am a Scorpio.
I did not know there was going to be an Incredibles 2?
Eminem is a very attractive man.
He is greasy looking and always seems to need a shave.
List your best April Fools pranks here.
I do not understand Drama Queens.
I need to know the name of the movie from the 1980's.
I used to be a fan as well.
Nothing short of a diamond ring.
I am not sure, but these two points put me at 1001!
I remember the days when you would have called what they have a fat behind, not a booty.
I definitely do not want a thug.
You can find it on Yahoo Movies.
Do you have any ideas on how to do that?
The Shield, The Sopranos, Twin Peaks, The Simpsons, Smallvill, and Nip Tuck.
Yes, I actually bought one.
I thought it was funny at first, but then it got old and stupid. Damn Altell.
Read numbers upside down and right side up.
Yes, I think I am. I have heard a lot of people say I am.
Boss, what is her whole name?
One of my favorite movies is "The Parent Trap."
Your mother is so unattractive that Bigfoot takes pictures of her.
It is either a headstone or a coffin.
A genius can get people to buy into his idea, but a stupid person cannot.
I do not understand Emo or Screamo.
They are dead on arrival. Their relationship is dead on arrival.
I am not sure about the children.
I have tried to watch it, but I cannot.
The Click Five are amazing. Their songs are out of this world.
What is your favorite bit in "Gilmore Girls"?
I am curious, how did that man stay in one place during the entire film?
It is because life never turns out perfectly.
It is hard to say, but I am thinking either Kevin, Bucky, or Melissa, because she messed up the lyrics.
No, it is not funny, but it was made to be hated and remembered.
It is bugging me and I want to hear it.
Of course miracles can happen!
Whether it is country or classic rock, make sure people know the songs or they will think you are weird.
System of a Down is the best.
I do not know about the videos, but you can download songs at iTunes.com or Limeware.com.
I must agree with American Idol.
Not really, we are just not well understood.
I found it and still do.
Yes, it is one of my favorite shows.
I love Green Day and all of their songs, especially "Boulvard of Broken Dreams."
I did not know that the Gameboy Micro had a rechargeable battery.
I would have to say Will Farrell.
I am going to take a closer look at my Disney's pictures.
He is in "She's the Man."
You can try it because it is free. It will at least get you started.
Why don't you throw a new life party?
No, I am not homosexual either.
However, I cannot find anything on that.
He said, "If you are going to play the game, boy, you have to learn to play it correctly."
Actually, I am watching it right now.
Chuck Norris was in a horror flick in the 1970's or 1980's.
Vanilla ice like you, and I admit I have new kids on the block.
Red Hot Chili Peppers of course.
I agree with everyone else.
Brad Pitt, Pippin, and Johnny Depp are definitely the most attractive men in the world.
Since you asked, I think rap is better.
I am a handsome, dashing, and cool person whom you cannot get.
Flute, because that is what I can play.
It is not great, but it is not bad either.
I want a man and will call him money.
Also, a bad boy because they have every gift and are playful.
You will have to buy two packs of buns instead of one.
I still like both bands.
She recently did a spread in King Magazine.
Tyra Banks is my idol. I think she is pretty, but I heard a rumor that she is pregnant.
I would go out there and kick your butt right now, but I can't swim.
That is a difficult question.
It goes like this: "way oh way oh way oh wah."
If so, what is your opinion on it?
I am crazy about Boulevard of Broken Dreams.
I do not think it is strange at all.
She took on armed guards at a palace in Turkey.
He fired his sister because he cannot keep his mouth shut.
Abbie Mitchell played Clara in the first Broadway production. There have been five revivals, see the rest here.
You are going to Saint Isiah's.
He is a control freak.
However, "Journey" is very enjoyable.
Whenever I think of her, I feel great.
You are correct, I cannot answer it.
But I guess these days people would rather listen to songs with names like My Humps.
James, both of them suck. Rap is gay.
I just need some sick or ill rhymes about anything.
I would have to say Riker and Troi.
They are not, but thank you for your two points.
Hermione, no, Tonks, no wait, it is Snape.
I used to watch it until season four, when it got too boring.
Yes, sister, you should look at this website.
"Here We Are" by the Veronicas. What are you going to do?
I used to be a fan as well.
That sounds like my type of girl.
Are Bruce Willis and Mickey Rourke the same person?
There is one called DOC Watson.
Please let me know when you find out.
I do not understand why anyone enjoys that movie.
It should be free to download and easy to understand, with features such as looping, fading, etc.
However, it can also generally mean Japanese comic books, such as a genre.
I heard there is going to be a sequel.
I have always loved his work. He is an excellent actor!
He did exactly what he said.
Try being nice and talking to her. Do not worry about your signs, they are not always right.
I am adding some new favorites to my collection, why not try Stained's new one right here waiting?
I like the man because he is funny and down to earth.
Your mother is so stupid that under Education on her job application, she put Hooked on Phonics.
I am confused, are you looking for some or one?
I would love to be her and have a lot of money.
My sister is obsessed with him.
Five to seven minutes. No reason, I guess. I am doing it pretty fast, am I?
He is rich and can look like that if he wants.
Do not try to impress her. If she likes you, she will come to you.
Rapp because you can laugh and spit, but in rock you can not make fun of people.
There should be a category for the best questions.
I haven't seen it yet, but I can't wait until it comes out on DVD.
It was great and made me cry a lot.
"Don't You Cry Tonight" by Guns 'n' Roses.
I think it is impossible to choose just one.
I just go high lisping to them.
Your mother is so stupid that she thought Boyz II Men was a day care center.
Bambi is my favorite movie of all time.
Simon always disagrees. He is pretty good about his judgements, but he is harsh.
Yes, but they are unknown artists.
I do not know, my head hurts.
No, they broke up. I do not know how long ago.
I love watching my little guy try to act out the things with them.
That was nice how you got him back.
I did not think he would jump again.
I do not hate him, but he is weird. I am amazed that this got 33 answers in 50 minutes. Congratulations.
If I were looking, that is exactly what I am looking for.
I even watch the reruns now.
Yes, I think Paula was loving everyone this week. Was she on ecstasy?
She was willing to make a complete fool of herself for two whole seasons of newlyweds.
The song is fairly new, but it sounds very old fashioned.
At the disco, I write sins, not tragedies.
Video killed the radio star by the buggles.
What is the difference between a mosquito and a blonde?
So, no, I do not think so.
I think they are over-paid and definitely over-celebrated.
This is the best movie in the world.
However, I think four people would be better.
Do not worry, you will be back in tune with it in a couple of weeks.
That was me before I had my operation.
There is a blonde driving down the highway.
Eminems a poser. I pick "Get Rich or Die Trying".
Put parental control on or use web site ratings.
You can tell she really cared about her crew.
I love this song very much.
Search the internet or looking for bugs.
My favorite bands are The Used and Panic! At the Disco.
Chicken, because God cannot lay eggs.
To those of you asking if the person who asked the question is gay, it does not matter.
It all depends on who messes up.
Neither of them. If I had to choose, I would probably choose either Mario or Vin Diesel.
What did the left nut say to the right nut?
It is not a little racist, it is a lot racist.
It goes something like that for the chorus.
So, it is probably more than that.
Have you ever wondered why men think a lot and women talk a lot?
Your mother is so stupid that after you were born, she kept you.
The chicken, because it had to hatch the egg.
Happy Days was the best show.
Her name is not Beyonce or Madonna, so she needs to stop pretending.
I would like to ask people who gave answers to this question, "Where are your jock's?"
Tell him that you hate him and you are finding someone different.
A lady in the street and a freak in the bed.
I have never forgiven her for that.
It is a great source, just download it.
The word you are looking for is strengths.
When I first started listening to music, I loved rap.
I never told my parents before, but mentioned it once and they said nothing and did not care.
Yes, but you are going anyway, so why even ask?
I used to play the flute, but once I started playing the sax, I got hooked.
If you like Family Guy, you should love American Dad.
They correct their own songs, and they actually play their own music.
We will have a great time.
Yes, a PSP, but I would not get a PSP for a child under 13.
If you want to live and talk and dream about, I suggest moving to Japan or China.
I will keep my dirty little secret.
I suppose it is the blond from American Idol.
No offense, but if you can answer that, then it is the same for the egg.
The song was called "Epic" and I cannot remember the artist, but it is a banging tune!
Hello Mar, that commercial is for Dairy Queen. I just thought I would let you know.
